Frame 0: i) 501

zie se ae

ao ®s000 #2500
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

3

Can Dismantle 0
& Cannot Dismantle

ated Card
+1
g o-

"8 Generate


Frame 1: i) 501

Cee: SEC Od

ao ®s000 #2500

(Dragen/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

3
& 3/0/0

Can Dismantle

lated Card
+1
“al

no

& Cannot Dismantle

‘Generate


Frame 2: i) 501

zie se ae

a5 6 ®s3000 #2500

(Dragen/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

3
& 3/0/0

Can Dismantle

lated Card
+1
A

ED

= Cannot Dismantle

"8 Generate


Frame 3: i) 501

zie «se | ae

ao @®s000 #2500
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

3
& 3/0/0

gon
Can Dismantie 0
BS Cannot Dismantie

"8 Generate


Frame 4: i) 501

zie se | ae

ao ®s000 #2500
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

3
& 3/0/0

gon
Can Dismantie 0
ES Cannot Dismantie

"Generate


Frame 5: i) 501

zie se ae

aoe @®s000 #2500
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

3

CanDismantie 0
& Cannot Dismantie

ated Card
+1
g o-

"8 Generate


Frame 6: ser 21a se ae

a5¢ ®s000 #2500

(Dragon/Normall

This legendary dragon is a powerful ;
engine of destruction, Virtually f (Crotates cares)
invincible, very few have faced this selene So
awesome creature and lived to tell

1

the tale,

| 3
& 3/0/0
Can Dismantie 0

& Cannot Dismantie


Frame 7: i) 501

as «se | ae

ao o @so00 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.

& 3/0/0
CanDismantie 0
*& Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 8: i) 501

es se | Ge

ae o @so00 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantie 0
*& Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 9: iy 591

as Bas G22

a5 g ®s3000 #2500

This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.

3
& 3/0/0

CanDismantle 0
Cannot Dismantie

Related Care
+1
a

Generate


Frame 10: ay 591

Bs se Gee

a5 ¢ ®s3000 2500

(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.

3

|
& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 0 at )

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 11: ays

rs Bae Gee

ae o @s000 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

Cannot Dismantle

Generate


Frame 12: iy set

yrs Bae Gee

ae © @sn00 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

Cannot Dismantle

Generate


Frame 13: iyo

xs se Gee

ae o @s000 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

Cannot Dismantle

Generate


Frame 14: ays

es se Gee

ae o @s000 #2500
(ragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 15: iy 5ot

xs se Ghee

ed @s000 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction, Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 16: iy 5ot

as Bae Gee

ed @s000 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 17: iy sot

as Bae Gee

ed @s000 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 18: iy set

as Bae Gee

ao © @sn00 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 19: iy set

as Bae ze

“Blue-Eyes white Dragon)
aa @ ®s3000 #2500
(Oragon/Normail
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 20: iy set

as Bae Gee

aa @ ®s3000 #2500
[Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 21: iy set

as se Gee

|Blue-Eyes white Dragon)
gee ®s3000 #2500
(Oragon/Nomail
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,

|

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 22: cso pais «a8 22

aso @s000 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,


Frame 23: (sor pais «as 22

aso @s000 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,


Frame 24: ser ais ss ae

ae o @s000 $2500
(Dragon/Normall_—__
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,


Frame 25: ser ais ss ae

ae o @s000 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale,


Frame 26: ser ais ss ae

ae o @s000 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.


Frame 27: ser ais ss ae

ae o @s000 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.


Frame 28: ser ais ss ae

ae o @s000 #2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.


Frame 29: ser «ais ss ae

aso @s000 #2500
(ragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.


Frame 30: ser «ais ss ae

as @ @s000 #2500
(ragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.


Frame 31: ser «ais ss ae

ae @ @s000 2500
(ragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this

awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.


Frame 32: ser ais ss ae

as @ @s000 $2500
(Dragon/Normall
This legendary dragon is a powerful
engine of destruction. Virtually
invincible, very few have faced this
awesome creature and lived to tell
the tale.


Frame 33: ee @s3000 ®2s00

(rant

This legendary dragon is a powerful

engine of destruction, Virtually

invipcible, very few have faced this

<< creature and lived to tell
ale,

Generate

30


Frame 34: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 35: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 36: oo
[Spelicaster

The ultimate wizard in terms of
attack and defense.

@ 2500 ©2100

oo +t
Lt]

& 3i0/0

Can Dismantle 0 Z

Cannot Dismantie

Generate (G -30


Frame 37: iy 501

ae Bs P22

2500 $2100
ter/Normall
The ultimate wizard in terms of

attack and defense.

p:

Lo)

Cannot Dismantle

+1

& 2/0/0

Can Dismantle 0

( -30


Frame 38: iy 501

rs se Gee
a7 2 2500 $2100
{Spellcaster/No

The ultimate wizard in terms of
attack and defense.

C RM)

Cannot Dismantie

"Hl Generate


Frame 39: ser ais ss ae

e792 ®2500 62100
(fSpelleasteritio

The ultimate wizard in terms of
attack and defense.

& 3/0/0

CanDismantle 0

B Cannot Dismantie

iH Generate


Frame 40: ser ais ss ae

e792 ®2500 62100
(fSpelleasteritio

The ultimate wizard in terms of
attack and defense.

& 3/0/0

CanDismantle 0

B Cannot Dismantie

"Hl Generate


Frame 41: ser ais ss ae

The ultimate wizard in terms of
attack and defense.

Generate <P -30


Frame 42: iyo

rs se Gee

a7 9 ®2s00 #2100
| (Spellcaster/Normall_____
The ultimate wizard in terms of

attack and defense.

Cannot Dismantie

Gonerate  -30


Frame 43: iy 501

rs se Gee

a7 9 ®2s00 #2100
| {Spellcaster/Normall
The ultimate wizard in terms of

attack and defense.

Generate


Frame 44: iy 501

as se Gee

Dark Magici

nn

a7 9 ®2s00 #2100
| [Spellcaster/Normall_—__
The ultimate wizard in terms of

attack and defense.

Generate


Frame 45: ser ais ss ae
|

a7 9 ®e2s00 #2100
| {Spellcaster/Normall
The ultimate wizard in terms of

attack and defense.

Dark Magici


Frame 46: ise: ais ss ae

a7 9 ®2s00 $2100
| [Spellcaster/Normall_—_
The ultimate wizard in terms of

attack and defense.

Generate


Frame 47: ser ais ss ae

a7 a 2500 #2100
| [Spellcaster/Normall_—___
The ultimate wizard in terms of

attack and defense.

4 i
yO

3/0/0
Can Dismantia 0

Cannot Dismantie

"Generate © -30


Frame 48: a7 a @2s00 $2100
{Spelicaster/Normall

The ultimate wizard in terms of
attack and defense.

<

& 3/0/0

conbimanie o(FS -' )

Cannot Dismantie

Generate ) -30


Frame 49: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 50: rs Nibinu, the Primal Binge

®iue ®3000 ®s00

! [Rock/Effect] = = -— |
During the Main Phase. if your
opponent Normal or Special

: Summoned: 5 or more monsters this
<q turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
| as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if youde,

hand, then Special Summon 1 Han Diamante 0 EY
"Primal Being Token" i =, Ja
i (ROck/LIGHT/Level 14/ATK 9/DEF ||
J 9) to your apponent's field, (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the oe

(m2 >

Special Summen this card from your sitll ,

Tributed monsters.’

Frame 51: Wik the Pins eg

@us $3000 ®B00

IRocWettect]
During the Main Phase, if your
‘opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and jf you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK ?/DEF
2) to your opponent's field. (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)

Ca)

ED Ee |

& taro

Can Dismantle

Cannot Dismantle

Generale -30


Frame 52: He He He
Nib, the Pinal Beng ES! on)
|@1¢ @sno0 600 a

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK ?/DEF
?) to your opponent's field. (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)


Frame 53: iy 501

rs se Gz
Nibiru, the Primal Being —
tue comm ¢200 Ca
(Rocketfect]_

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) to your opponent's field. (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)

a
1
- a)
cations 0 (ET)

%

2 Gynerate  -30
a: " ai


Frame 54: iyo

rs se Gee

@ue ®so00 B00

(Rocheftect]
During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the

( D

a
1

field as possible, and if you do, & jvoro

Special Summon this card from your (Ea 7

hand, then Special Summon 1 CanDismantie 0 (EY 1

“Primal Being Token"

(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK ?/DEF ae
2) to your opponent's field. (This

Token's ATK/DEF become the

combined original ATK/DEF of the Ms a
Tributed monsters.)

Cannot Dismanti

Generale  -30


Frame 55: iy 501

rs se Gee
Nibiru, the Primal Being

ens Cos Gu Ca)
(Rock/Eftect|___ ES

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) to your opponent's field. (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)

How to Obtain

a
1
a)

cities 0 (ET )

%

"2 Gpnerate  -30
a: " ai


Frame 56: a

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) to your opponent's field. (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)

How to Obtain

1
7

o(ET

not Dimanti


Frame 57: iy 501

rs se Gee
vats Pi BES aD
gus 3000 soo
(Rock/Eftect]_
During the Main Phase, if your

opponent Normal or Special FT

Summoned 5 or more monsters this

turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1

as many face-up monsters on the RQ +t

field as possible, and if you do, & Hs

Special Summon this card from your a1
hand, then Special Summon 1 CanDismantie 0 )
"Primal Being Token”

(Rock/LIGHT/Level 1 1/ATK 2/DEF te ray

2) to your opponent's field, (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)

Chreeridi f -30


Frame 58: iy 501

es se Gee

Nit Final 8ahg

@ie ®3000 @s00

[Rock/Etfect]_____ ay

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) to your opponent's field. (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)


Frame 59: iy 501

Bes se Gee

‘i,t Final ang

@ie ®3000 @s00

(Rock/ettect]

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) to your opponent's field, (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)

& isoro

CanDismantle 0

antle

iweate


Frame 60: iyo

es @se Gee

Nibiru, the Primal Being ee]

@ie ®3000 @s00

(Rock/Eteet!

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) to your opponent's field, (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed monsters.)

& io
CanDismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie

nerate


Frame 61: @1e ®3000 @500

IRock/ettect]

During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
as many face-up monsters on the
field as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) to your opponent's field, (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
combined original ATK/DEF of the vi
Tributed monsters.)


Frame 62: Nibiru, the Primal Being

@ue ®s000 S00

Rockette]
During the Main Phase, if your
opponent Normal or Special
Summoned 5 or more monsters this
urn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
<« many face-up monsters on the
jeld as possible, and if you do,
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then Special Summon 1
"Primal Being Token"
(Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK 2/DEF
2) ta your opponent's field. (This
Token's ATK/DEF become the
comhined original ATK/DEF of the
Tributed mansters.)

aD
(ee ow.

joo

CanDismanile 0

Gunerate «ff -30


Frame 63: ser eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 64: ~ Ohals he Tones

@10 8 ®a00g Gano
[Divine BeasVEflectt ——_ |
Requires 3 Tribulas.to Normal |
Summon fcannat be Nora) Set)

THIS Card's Normial/Sumimop, Ganjot
be negated.

When Normal Summoned, cardssand. = Vee iateie/
effects cannat be activated ———
Neither playet can_target this card _
with card effects i

Once per turn; dutingythe End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned) Send it to the GY.
You can Tribiite 2imonsters;

drwtents all panetnee serie See

| (BH How © optain |

Relates Caras |
ae

AS


Frame 65: aa |

eu ®an00 ®a000
[Divine-BeasvEffect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set),
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

‘Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 mo!

Pacer ot ener


Frame 66: iyo

Bae Bs GP22

| Obelisk the Tormentor  €§

ee Sango 4000

(bivine-Beastvetfect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

ious ors orl cose tace fin tener

WB Related Cards

& ivoio

Can Dismantle


Frame 67: iyo

Bes se Gee

Obelisk the Tormentar
eins amon %a000

(DWvine-Beast/ettect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

edctret eal eesrcriancet fee eae eee

ct
& jso1o
a= Cie

3

1B Generat
"6 e


Frame 68: iyo

rs se Gee

@i# ®annp 4000

(DWvine-Beast/ettet]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

pre eee fee pei

& jroo
== (Ci

3

1 Gonerat
"6G e


Frame 69: iyo

Bes se Gee

@i# ®aunp #4000

(DWvine-Beastfetfect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

pre een fee pei

& jso10
= (Ci

3

1B Generat
"6G e


Frame 70: iyo

Bes se Gee

Obelisk the Tormentar
eins anno %a000

(DWvine-Beast/ettect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

pre eee fee pe ei

& jroo
= (Ci

3

"Bt General
" 6G e


Frame 71: iyo

Bs se Gz

Obelisk the Tormentar
eins anno %a000

(DWine-Beast/ettect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

dedctrei eal eesriancet fae eae eee

& jso1o
Can Dismantie ee |

3

"Bt General
" 6G e


Frame 72: yo

rs se ze

Obelisk the Tormentor re]

@10 ®aonn @a000

(Divine-Beast/ettect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

iischeead ali eetriictinec fie Pee

—
& jroo
Can Dismantle 4 )
enerate 30

mg
" 6G


Frame 73: yo

Bs se Gz

Obelisk the Tormentor __ &

@10 ®aonp 4000

(Divine-Beasv/ettect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated.

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

isc heret ol ectcicicneol Stee Perna

{az

& jroo

Can Dismantle

gy -1

-30

12 General
Generate


Frame 74: yet

rs se Gee

Obelisk the Tormentor —_ =e)

@10 ®aonn 4000

(Divine-Beast/ettect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated.

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Neither player can target this card
with card effects.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.

You can Tribute 2 monsters;

disc herat ol ectcicieneot Stee ree

& jroo

Can Dismantle

gy 1

-30

1 General
Generate


Frame 75: |

ena @ano0 @a000
(Divine-BeasvEHect)
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set),
This card's Normal Summon cannot
& negated,

hen Normal Summaned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.
Neither player can target this card
with card effects.
Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
You can Tribute 2 monsters;

eoabrerer fl tierenioeee einer

a>
cx

® -30

jso/0
Can Dismantle 1

Generate


Frame 76: sor eis | se

GR 22

Frame 77: Fa

iter the Sky Dragon
®ie a7 oO?
(OWwine-Beasyeneetl
Requires 3 Tribul@s to. Normal)
Suman (cannat be Normal Sel)
Thiseard/S)NGrmal/SUnimo7 cannot
be negaled.

When. Normal Summoned, eards-ano
effects cannet be aclivated
Once per turn, diiring the End

Bhase, if this card was Special
ummaned: Send jt te the GY.

Gains 1000 ATK/QEF for eaeh card

in your hand

Wf a monster(s) ‘= Normal or Special

Slimmanar fh vintis nenneemtie Walde


Frame 78: @108 e2 7
[Divine-Beastt

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set),
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.
If a monster(s)

enrages

Normal or Special

i carwrareeensreYe He

& Horo

Can Dinmantla 1 (EY )

&

Dismantle dR +10.

Gonerate


Frame 79: yo

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).

This card's Normal Summon cannot

| be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

Ifa monster(s) Is Normal ar Special

‘Sisceeartetert res ieteee aeeetrseieiea er eta

Bae Bs G22
Slifer the Sky Dragon)
@10 a ez 87

‘|
. B+
& jso10
1

Can Dismantle
a ntle «Gi +10
‘2! Generate > -30


Frame 80: i501

Bes se Gee

ela er 87
(Divine-Beast/eftect]

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal or Special

reprised Hacer ec raven

i

Generate


Frame 81: ser ais ss ae
Slifer the Sky Dragon

ela ee 87
(Divine-Beast/eftect]

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot |

be negated, | i

When Normal Summoned, cards and =
effects cannot be activated. & 1/0/0

Once per turn, during the End Can Dismantia
Phase, if this card was Special ——
Summoned: Send it to the GY. oe
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card

in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal ar Special

Simmncicserd beer

i Generate  -30

Fonrinrntatesiniel


Frame 82: iyo

es se Gee
e148 or 7 |
(Divine-Beast/etect]_—__

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal or Special

rarer i des ie eer

1

& imo
CanDismantie 1

ca

Generate


Frame 83: iyo

Bes se Gee
a8 or e7 i]
(Divine-Beast/etect|_—__

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal or Special

Serres tard Has aertce cl rare een

1

& imo
CanDismantie 1

ca

Generate


Frame 84: iyo

Bes se Gee
e148 eo e7 a
(Divine-Beast/etect!|_—_ NS

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal ar Special

Serenades cere cl rarefied

1

& imo
CanDismantie 1

Ca

Generate


Frame 85: yet

Bes se Gee
e148 or e7 x]
(Divine-Beast/etect____ NS

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal or Special

reprised Hacer cl rarefied

1

& imo
Can Dismantie 1

ca

Generate


Frame 86: yet

Bes se Gee
e148 or o7 |
(Divine-Beast/ettect____

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal ar Special

reprised Hacer eel rare aetna

1

& imo
Can Dismantie 1

ca

Generate


Frame 87: yo

Bes se Gee
a4 or oe? A
(Divine-Beast/eHect] NNN

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

fa monster(s) Is Normal ar Special

eer nie ee

bee (nme)

1
oe!
J -1

& jroo

Can Dismantie

® -30

i

Generate


Frame 88: ser ais ss ae

ela oe? 87
(DWvine-Beast/ettect]

Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY.
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.

if a monster(s) Is Normal ar Special

Pinarnie said

Sienmnnert tare

1
an es
I -1

& jroo

Can Dismantle

3 Generate «= -30


Frame 89: e108 er 87
(Divine-Beasvettect]
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).

gris card's Normal Summon cannot
« negated,

hen Normal Summoned, cards and
effects cannot be activated.
Once per turn, during the End
Phase, if this card was Special
Summoned: Send it to the GY
Gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card
in your hand.
if a monster(s)

iieeeesreceee tal

Normal or Special

Errore otf latel

i/o
J o-1
CanDismantie 1 | ** 4
4s Dismantle = +10
iw FR -3D

Gunerate


Frame 90: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 91: ser eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 92: wa

ewe od

(ve oN
Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set),
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated.

When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount
of LP pald.

2 3/010

Can Bismantia 2

Dismantic

{"F  Gonerate


Frame 93: i) 501

Bae Bs G22

The Winged Dragon of Ra

ee eo? or

| Wivine-Beastettect)
Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot

| be negated
When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated.
When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount
of LP pald.

& 2/010

CanDismantle 2

&

a


Frame 94: yet

Bae Bs G22

TeWogtOnemtta

eu8 ee 8?
(DWvine-Beast/etect]
Cannot be Special Summoned.

Requires 3 Tributes lo Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).

This card's Normal Summon cannot 2

When Normal Summoned, other & 2/010

cards and effects cannot be ae ai)
activated. —_a—SS

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that [#7 _ Dismantie +10
“e -30

you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal ta the amount 2) Guyer ale

of LP pald.


Frame 95: iyo

Bae Bs G22

Tevet

eu# ee 8?
(DWvine-Beast/effect]
Cannot be Special Summoned.

Requires 3 Tributes lo Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).

This card's Normal Summon cannot 2

When Normal Summoned, other & 2/010

cards and effects cannot be =~
activated. ee

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that [# _ Dismantle +10
RB -30

you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount 2) Guyer ale

of LP paid.


Frame 96: iyo

Bae Bs GP22

TeWontOgnttsS

e100 # or a?
{Dhvne-BeasteHect! ——
Cannot be Special Summoned.

Requires 3 Tributes lo Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).

This card's Normal Summon cannot 2

When Normal Summoned, other & 2/010

cards and effects cannot be Penny

of
qt

activated

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that [7 _ Dismantie +10
“e -30

you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal ta the amount =) Guyer ale

of LP paid.


Frame 97: yet

Bae Bs G22

reer a]

e.0# oe

(Olvine= Bese EHee

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes lo Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Sel).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated.

When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount

of LP paid.

& aio
CanDismantie 2 )
-®  Dismantie

“Generate @ -30


Frame 98: yo

rs se Gee

"won Oagont@e ne)

ein 7 8?
(Divine-Beasti

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Sumimon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated,

When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated.

When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount
of LP paid.

& 3/010

Cen Dismantia 2
-&  Dismantie

‘Bt Gunerate
T


Frame 99: iyo

es se ze

>

e148
ee ce

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated.

When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal ta the amount
of LP paid.

-®  Dismantie


Frame 100: iyo

rs se ze

>

e148
ee 86

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated.

When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal ta the amount
of LP paid.

-®  Dismantie


Frame 101: ise: ais ss ae
etadanette El

eu e787
(Divine-Beast/ettect]

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
This card's Normal Summon cannot
be negated.

When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal ta the amount — iH Guyorale © 30
of LP paid.

Dismantie Gi +10


Frame 102: The Winged Dragon of Ra
e108 e787
(DWvine-BeasivEttect]

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal
Summon (cannot be Normal Set).
his card's Normal Summon cannot
@ negated.
When Normal Summoned, other
cards and effects cannot be
activated
When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can pay LP so that
you only have 100 left; this card
gains ATK/DEF equal ta the amount | "=
of LP paid. —~

Ge 10

Gunerate =) -3D


Frame 103: ser eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 104: #0 « ®2a00 2400
WDragaq/Eftacth an
You can Specia) Summon this card
{Irom your hand) by banjshing 1
laceup Dragon monster you
control
You can only'Special'Summan_
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon®™ ’
once per tunn this way. = Byun =

jn Diamiftle
During your Nain Phase: You ean jpereetPamenie 0 4
Specjal Summon 1 Dragon monster a 7
tram your hana or GY, except 'Red—— Suunith 3%
Eyes Darkness. Métal Dragon”
Yau can only use this effect of .
“Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"!

|

AS


Frame 105: ee |

@ioe @2300 2400

(Dragowettest!
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you
control

You can only Special Summon
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"
‘once per turn this way.

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY, except "Red—
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"

You can only use this effect of
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon”

Ca)
2] an

Cannot Dismantic

& toro

Can Dismantie 0

Generale


Frame 106: yet

Bae Bs GP22

[Forbes Daren aa SS)

@ie @2e00 $2400

(Dragon/Effect) Ee

You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you
control.

You can only Special Summon
"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"
once per turn this way.

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY, except "Red—
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"

You can only use this effect of
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"


Frame 107: ser «ais ss ae
Fed-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon)

agg ®ze00 #2400

(Dragon/ettect]
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you

control.

1

“Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon” gy jroo
al |

once per turn this way. -
During your Main Phase: You can See Dismantle _0 \* _
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster

from your hand or GY, except "Red- Cannot Di
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan"
You can only use this effect of 181 Generate  -30

"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’


Frame 108: ser ais ss ae
Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon

age ®ze00 #2400

(Dragon/etfect!
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you

control.

1

"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon” gy jroo
“af

once per turn this way. -
During your Main Phase: You can S22 Dismantla_9 \~™ _
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster

from your hand or GY, except "Red- Cannot Di
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan"
You can only use this effect of 181 Generate ® -30

"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’


Frame 109: ser «ais ss ae
Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon

agg ®ze00 #2400

(Dragon/etfect]
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you

control.

1

"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon” gy jroo
“uf

once per turn this way. -
During your Main Phase: You can S22 Dismantla_9 \~™ _
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster

from your hand or GY, except "Red- Cannot Di
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan"
You can only use this effect of 18 Generate ® -30

"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’


Frame 110: yo

rs se Gee

ag ®ze00 #2400

(ragowertect!
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you
control.

You can only Special Summon
"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"
once per turn this way.

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY, except "Red—
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan”

You can only use this effect of
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’

ntie

'Bt Generate © -30


Frame 111: yo

Bes se ze

age ®ze00 #2400

(ragowertect]
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you
control.

You can only Special Summon
"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"
once per turn this way.

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY, except "Red—
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan”

You can only use this effect of
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’

ntle

‘Bt Generate © -30


Frame 112: ser ais ss ae
Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon

gue ®z2e00 #2400
(Dragon/etect]
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1

face-up Dragon monster you
control.

You can only Special Summon
"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"
once per turn this way.

During your Main Phase: You can S22 Dismantle _O (TS
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster

from your hand or GY, except "Red- Cannot Dismantle
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan"
You can only use this effect of 8 Generate  -30

"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’


Frame 113: yo

rs se ze

eu ®ze00 $2400
(Dragon/Eifectl NN
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you
control.
You can only Special Summon
"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’
once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY, except "Red~
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan”
You can only use this effect of
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’

a

Cannot Dismantie

Generate ® -30


Frame 114: yo

rs se Gee

Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Di
eue ®ze00 $2400
(ragoneftect!
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you

control.

You can only Special Summon
"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon"
once per turn this way.

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY, except "Red~
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragan”

You can only use this effect of
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon’


Frame 115: @2a00 62400
(Dragon/Etect)

You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by banishing 1
face-up Dragon monster you

cua

‘ou can only Special Summon
"Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon”
once per turn this way.

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon 1 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY, except "Red
Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon”.

You can only use this effect of "PF Gonarate |“) -30
"Red—Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon” — =


Frame 116: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 117: Sephiylop, the Ultimate Timelag

fue Song ®400D
(FaivENsct fm 2
Cannot be Normal Summaned/Set
Must be Special Summoned {from
youre rdieby,|ayiney | O of more
monsters In your GY.

Oncg'per tur Yeu cah Special
Summon 1 Level & or higher Fairy

monster fram|your hand oF GY. bit
(te eifects arenegated, aso its Ay
becomes 4000. #

& a

‘Ban Dismantle

(-e_dismantie oan)

Frame 118: Has Be he

Sephylon, the Ultimate Timeiord
eo8 @aa00 @amn0
[Fairy/Effect) = a

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having 10 or more
monsters in your GY.

Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy
monster from your hand ar GY, but
its effects are negated, also its ATK
becomes 4000.

Can Dismantie 1

Cn)

Bou
& o/iso
Bo

0


Frame 119: ser «ais ss ae

Sephylon, the Ullimela Tiaeiaee £ C yy
enue ano 4000 : m
(Fatry/Effect! a | ( Aitiow to obtain

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from

your hand) by having 10 or more Rete cores}
monsters in your GY. 1
Once per turn: You can Special B+

J “1

"a

Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy oviso
monster from your hand or GY, but (&
its effects are negated, also its ATK CanDismantle 1
becomes 4000.

AS Dismantle «= @ +15


Frame 120: iy set

2s ese | G22

‘Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord Oy

@i08 ®annp @4000

(Falry/ettect|

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

(A How to orn

Must be Special Summoned (from (Garnicscaae

your hand) by having 10 or more i saan

monsters in your GY. 1

Once per turn: You can Special «)
EO 1

C )

Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy ge oviso
monster from your hand or GY, but "od
its effects are negated, also its ATK Can Dismantle 1
becomes 4000.
“BF Dismantle =) +15

ry


Frame 121: iy set

as ese G22

Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelard Oy

@i08 ®aonp @4000

{Faty/Etfect] __—s

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

( dA How 1 obtain
Must be Special Summoned (from (Garwies cae)
your hand) by having 10 or more at omits
monsters in your GY. 1

Once per turn: You can Special +)
Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy ge oviso

monster from your hand or GY, but (Ey ay

its effects are negated, also its ATK  CanDismantle 1

becomes 4000.
“BF Dismantle = +15

C )


Frame 122: iy set

as ese | G22

Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelard OQ] a
ee ann %ao00 C A

= ae |
(Falry/Etfect] = | a.) (A tow 1 obtain

Cannat be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from * |
your hand) by having 10 oF more

monsters in your GY. q

Once per turn: You can Special +)
Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy ge ovivo

monster from your hand or GY, but (Be 4

its effects are negated, also its ATK  CanDismantle 1

becomes 4000.
“RF Dismantle =) +15


Frame 123: iy 591

as ese G22

Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelard Oy

a8 @anno S000

{Falry/Effect} -—=—=<“ié‘“‘sé~tS

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having 10 or more
monsters in your GY.

Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy
monster from your hand or GY, but
its effects are negated, also its ATK
becomes 4000.

A)

Can Dismantle

“ Dismantie «= +15

i
U


Frame 124: iy ser

as ese G22

Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord QO]

@108 @aonp @4000

{Fairy/Effect) ——
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having 10 or more
monsters in your GY.

Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy
monster from your hand or GY, but
its effects are negated, also its ATK
becomes 4000.

—F

1

& oviso

Can Dismantle

2
4 Dismantle +15


Frame 125: iy set

as ese G22

Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord a]
g108 @anno ®4000

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must be Special Summoned (from (Caroitcscaes

your hand) by having 10 or more Bainted Cords

monsters in your GY. 1

Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy oviso fe. )
—h

monster from your hand or GY, but
its effects are negated, also its ATK Can Dismantle

becomes 4000
“R Dismantle = ty +15


Frame 126: iy set

es se ze

Sephyion, the Ultimate Timelord

@108 ®annp $4000

(Fairy/ettect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having 10 or more
monsters in your GY.

Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy
monster from your hand or GY, but
its effects are negated, also its ATK
becomes 4000.

& ovi0
(eo -
Can Dismantle mE

“8 Dismantle +15

Ge


Frame 127: Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord

e108 @an00 S000

[Fairy/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having 10 of more
monsters in your GY,

Ince per turn; You can Special
Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy
monster from your hand or GY, but
Its effects are negated, also its ATK
becomes 4000.


Frame 128: ser «eis | se

GR 22

Frame 129: The Winged Buagon al f= ee ea
f |

eine a7

[Divine-Geast/Effactd I (Absa opin |
Cannol be Special Summoned, | ———

Requires 3 Fiibulls fram eilfier side aaa
of the: fiaid-tor NormepsSumman (o ' nawrrasaree
thal side of the fald (cannot be ~ >

| Normal Set), then shite control to t . (Bo )

3 His caro = owner during Uve-end é _ ==
P Phase of the next turn. = 5 ae adc
Cannot attack. Yaurqpponent Sie amitle _v( 4
cannot target this card for attacks |.
or by tard effects Ay Olcmantle
You can Tibute this qard; Spee
Summon 1 "The Wingee Dragan-of a
Ra! trom your hand ar Deck, =


Frame 130: i

@ue8
(Divine=Beaatl ——

Cannot be Special Summoned.

Requires 3 Tributes from eilher side

of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the fieid (cannot be

$5 | Normal Set), then shift control to

this card's owner during the End tio

Phase of the next turn, a

Cannot attack. Your opponent ‘ComDlaniantion 1

cannot target this card for attacks

You can Tribute this card: Special

Summon 1 “The Winged Dragan of =

Ra” fram your hand or Deck, i

Gunerale i -30


Frame 131: yo

Bae Bs G22

i

e108 e7

Ce EN
Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to

that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to

this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next turn.

Cannot attack. Your opponent

cannot target this card for attacks

or by card effects.

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of
Ra" from your hand or Deck,


Frame 132: yo

es se Gee
The Winged Dragon of Ra =
ei er ®?

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next tum.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects,

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of

Ra” from your hand or Deck.

Related Cards

AF Dismantic

‘Bt Goneraie  -30


Frame 133: 501

es se Gee
The Winged Dragon of Ra~ Sphere Mode #5) GD
ous oe 87

(Divine-Beast/ettect|_—__

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next tum.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects,

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of
Ra” from your hand or Deck.

1
& iyoio
Can Dismantie al )
AE Dismantie +10

a

Gonerate ia


Frame 134: yo

es se Gee

Tega Re

@10# ee 87

(Divine-Boasv/Effect]
Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next turn.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects,

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of
Ra” from your hand or Deck.

AF Dismantie

a

Gonerate ia


Frame 135: iy 501

es se Gee
The Winged Dragon of Ra~ Sphere Mode #5) GD
eum oe 8?

(Divine-Beast/etect|

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next tum.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects,

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of
Ra” from your hand or Deck.

1
& jsoio
Can Dismantie gu )
A Dismantie +10

a

Gonerate > -3


Frame 136: yo

rs ss Gee

Tea Re

ea 7 87
(DWvine-Beasv/ettect]

Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next tum.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects,

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of
Ra” from your hand or Deck.

1
& jsoio
Can Dismantie ul )
AS Dismantie +10

a


Frame 137: iyo

rs se Gee

TewraetgootRe= Soe ae

@10 oe? 8?
(DWvine-Boasi/ettect]

Cannot be Special Summoned,
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next turn.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects.

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of
Ra" from your hand or Deck

1
& jyor0
Can Dismantie mu! )

‘a


Frame 138: iyo

Bes se Gz

Wi apn oh a

@10# oe? 8?
(DWvine-Boasi/ettect]

Cannot be Special Summoned,
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next turn.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects.

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of
Ra" from your hand or Deck

1
& jyor0
Can Dismantie at )

‘a


Frame 139: iyo

rs se Gee

TewraetDsont msi ae

gia or 8?
tbivine=Beaeetect NNN

Cannot be Special Summoned
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to
that side of the field (cannot be
Normal Set), then shift control to
this card's owner during the End
Phase of the next turn.

Cannot attack. Your opponent
cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects.

You can Tribute this card; Special
Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of ra
Ra" from your hand or Deck

| How to Obtain

Generate ‘P -30


Frame 140: "wget gm Spa
e108 or o7
[Divine-t -
Cannot be Special Summoned.
Requires 3 Tributes from either side
of the field to Normal Summon to

hat side of the field (cannot be

jormal Set), then shift control to

his card's owner during the End i
Phase of the next turn. & ails

ai fA
Canna aftatio MSURUpPAEAy cxaDiemonia 4 (EO y,

cannot target this card for attacks
or by card effects, 4S Dismanti @® +10

You can Tribute this card; Special

Summon 1 "The Winged Dragan of j=»
Ra” fram your hand or Deck,

Generate ® -30


Frame 141: ser «eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 142: = timate Cau poe EY

@i09 3500 ©3200
[Dinosauy/Ettect|
Cannot be Normal Summoned /Set-
Must first be Special Summoned
(fompyour enc) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters [rom your GY.

Once per tum, during’the Mali.

« Phase (Quick Effect); You can™ aos
destrey 1 monster in your hand or [Be * }
field, and [fyou der ehange all Sofie Dia “4
lace—up monsters your appanent | 8s 4
contrals to facedown Defense Dismantle —“GP+i0 |
Position. mi @ -
This card can attack all monsters -— 6

your appanent controls, once each


Frame 143: ews 3500 ©:
Iinosaur/enect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters [rom your GY.
‘Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face—down Defense
Position

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each


Frame 144: sor ae se | G22
nent el aD

3500 63200

(inosaur/ettect|
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned =

(from your hand) by banishing 2

Dinosaur monsters from your GY. 1

Once per turn, during the Main

Phase (Quick Effect): You can a isoio

destroy 1 monster in your hand or

Bo

field, and if you do, change all CanDismantle__1

face-up monsters your opponent

controls to face-down Defense AY Dismantle «= +10
Position.

This card can attack all monsters "S! Generain = -30

your opponent controls, once each. 2


Frame 145: iyo

rs se Gee

Utimate Conductor Tyranna I]

aue @ssu0 $3200

(Dinosaur/enect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters fram your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

aioe


Frame 146: iyo

es ss Gee

UinateCondutorTyranna I]

aue ®ssu0 $3200

(Dinosaur/enect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters fram your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change ail
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

ioe


Frame 147: yo

rs se Gee

Uinate Conductor Tyranna I]

aue @ssu0 $3200

(Dinosaur/enect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters fram your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change ail
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.


Frame 148: yo

es se Gee

Une Caccerame

@ue @ssu0 $3200

(Dinosaur/enect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters fram your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change ail
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

liom


Frame 149: iyo

rs se Gee

Uneaten

aue @ssu0 $3200

(Dinosaur/enect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters fram your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change ail
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

=

Generale

& ino
CanDismantie 1


Frame 150: iyo

es se Gee

Unease ame

aue @ssu0 $3200

(Dinosaur/enect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters fram your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change ail
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls, once each.

& jroo


Frame 151: iyo

Bes se Gee

Unease ame

aue @ssu0 3200

(Dinosaur/enect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters fram your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change ail
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls, once each.

& jroo


Frame 152: Ultimate Conductor Tyranna

@ue @3s00 63200

(Winosau/efet)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
rom your hand) by banishing 2
inosaur monsters fram your GY.
Ince per tum, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-dawn Defense
Position.
This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls, once each.

jso10

Can Diemantie 1 (EY

‘Generate -30


Frame 153: ser ets | se

GR 22

Frame 154: Sandainp, the Thpalans,

elie @an00 ®a00D
(Pairy(Elfecth =

Cannot be Special Summoned {13m
the Deck.

Yuu Cai) oily conliGl 1 “Sandalun,
the Timelard”

only veut chponent contyoisie
monster, you can. Normal Summan
this carc without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by baltle or card
effects .
Neither player takes baitle damage
from attacks jnvalving this card
Abihe end of the Ballje Phasa,|f
In card Battled! Infifet 2000 —


Frame 155: ewe 4000 @a000

[Fainyvetect] NNT
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

Il only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing, Cannot
be destroyed by hattie or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card.
At the end of the Battie Phase. If
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 156: sor hae se G22
Sandaion, the Timelord = B GED

@noe Banoo S400

| airy/etect!

Cannot be Special Summoned from

the Deck,
You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
< the Timelord”,
| Ir only your opponent controls a

monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card.

At the end of the Battle Phase. If ws
this card battled: inflict 2000


Frame 157: iyo

es ss Gee

anno #4000

(Fairy/Etfect] Ss
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

If only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes hattle damage
from attacks involving this card.

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: inflict 2000

o3 jvo/0
= Ca

General  -30


Frame 158: iyo

Bes se Gee

anno #4000

(Fairy/ettect]_
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

|F only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

o3 jvo/0
Bo

General  -30


Frame 159: iyo

rs se Gee

anno @4g00

(Fairy/Ettect]
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

| only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

& jvo/0
Bg

General & -30


Frame 160: iyo

rs se Gee

anno #4000

(Fairy/Etiect]_—____
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

| only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

o3 jvo/0
Bo

Generat 2 -30


Frame 161: i501

es se Gee

anno @ag00

(Fairylettect]!
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

o3 jvo/0
Bo

General 8 -30


Frame 162: iyo

es se Gee

anno @4o00

(Fairylettect]
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

& jvo/0
Bo

General


Frame 163: yet

es se Gee

Sandaion, the Timelord

e108 anno #4000

(rairyetfect]
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

If only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

How to Obtain


Frame 164: yet

rs se Gee

Sandaion, the Timelord

e108 ®ano0 @ao00

(rairy/etfect]
Cannot be Special Summaned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

I only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

How to Obtain


Frame 165: i501

es se Gee

<—<ccie |

e108 ®anoo #000
(Fairy/etfect]_
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 166: iyo

rs se Gee

<< |

e108 ®ano0 @ao00

(Fairy/ettect]
Cannat be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

I only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

How to Obtain

=
& iyo/0
Can Dismanile em 1)

“B! Generate


Frame 167: iyo

rs se Gee

<< |

e108 ®ano0 ag00
[rairy/etfect]
Cannat be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

I only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 168: iyo

rs se Gee

Sandaion, the Timetord el

@108 ®aonop ®a000

[Fairy/etfect]
Cannat be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

I only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

Ch)
1
=
= iyo/0
Can Dismanile em 1 )
‘e -30


Frame 169: Sandaian, the Timelard ee

@ue ®anop Sa000

[Fairy/Eftect! =
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

jYou can only contral 1 "Sandaion,
&: Timelord”,

T only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing, Cannot
be destroyed by baltle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks invalving this card

Al the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Infliet 2000

& iso1o
Sn a
 Gaworate = B -30


Frame 170: ser «eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 171: Sere |

@ine ® 4000 ®ao0D

(Flemiéettect] =
Cannol be Normal Summaned/Set.
Must be Specia) Summoned [{raqi
your hendl by Tribeting 3 1 nS.
You can only use éach oi the
{cllowing effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phanlasins.- Shimmering Serpe"
onee per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target | "Raviel bord:
of Phabtasme” you cntrol; for We
rest of this tum, is ATK becomes:
double its current ATK, a\sq it can
altack all mofisters your appoment

& a —
Bo igramie (EP oy

=: Domne mpsio- |

Frame 172: iy 591

R218

se 22

@ vonatnan cuez Abr... Recoted W to “rn prTAX”

Frame 173: ewe 000 @ A000

(Flond/Etfoctl =|
Cannot be Normal Summensd/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only usa each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms - Shimmering Scraper”
once per turn.

(Quick Effect); You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

‘of Phantasms" yaui contrat: for the
rest of this lurn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK alsa it can
attack all monsters your apponent

Seieliesle orev

a taro

Can Diamante

4 Dismantie

1

c=

(az }

>


Frame 174: iyo

rs se Gee

@iny anno ®ano0

(Fiend/Ettect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (/rom
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 “Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK. also it can
attack all monsters your oppanent

Sraskenite sree eee

Raviel, Love of F @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted 9 to "rn priaK”


Frame 175: iyo

es se Gee

Raviel, Lord of ® @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted % to “ven priax”

ee ®ango #4000
(Fend/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

piriarake series aH


Frame 176: iyo

Raviel, Lord of ® @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted % to “ven priax”

Bes se Gee

elie anno #4000
(Fieng/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

=)

mB +t
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" aim
once per turn. — @. )
ey 1
+10

@(Quick Effect): You can discard shat emia
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you cantrol; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can lee
attack all monsters your opponent t

siriarake sores aH


Frame 177: ser «ais ss ae

Raviel, Lord of ® @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted % to “ven priax”
g@iny anon ao000

(Fiend/Eftect), a |

Cannat be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn,

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

sicriarabe sore aH


Frame 178: iy 591

Raviel, Lord of ® @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes * to "rn priax

Bes ss Gee

gle anno ®ao00

(Fiond/Etfect] NT
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each ol the

following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasmns — Shimmering Scraper” java

once per turn, 2 ine - )
@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Diimanie 1

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you cantral; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

irsetabes eter oe


Frame 179: iy set

Raviel, Lord of ® @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes * to" priax

rs se Gz

gine @ano0 #4000

(Fiond/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each ol the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

1
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" Fol
once per turn. (te
~ |

@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Diimanie 1
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; forthe [8° ismantle +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

irsetahes rte oe


Frame 180: iy se1

Raviel, Lord of ® (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted 9 to “ven priak” )
gine anno ®ao00 i |

es se Gee

(Flend/Etfect])
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each ol the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

=
lo

1

Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper” ge Tod
m1

once per turn.
@(Quick Effect): You can discard Canplamenis 1

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest af this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can ie ; :
attack all monsters your opponent u pstnenie ce —30

Sate a


Frame 181: iy 591

R218

ss G22

gine
(Flend/ettect))
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

STN Seber

®ano0 4000

Raviel, Lord of ® (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted * to “nn prian” )

be

& jroo
mB

‘=
=

=

Can Dismantle

"Bt Generate


Frame 182: Pavie\ Lord at Phan (@ Yonathan Guez Abr.. Resoted ® to" pria” | )

eu @anoo as00

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (irom
our hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
fou can only use each of the

following effects of "Raviel, Lord of Bo +t
hantasms ~ Shimmering Scraper" ge A are

once per turn. es (ee =]

@(Quick Effect): You can discard asta —1)\ A

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; forthe (ay Diemantie — @) +10

rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its currant ATK, also it can -_

attack al) monsters your opponent i

Doubs aes

(AA now to onan
,

Generate ® -30


Frame 183: iy 591

BD 218

se 22

@ Vonathan cuez Abr... Reected W to“3rn priaN"

Frame 184: sor eis se | 22

@ Vonathan cuez Abr... Reacted W to“10n pray”


Frame 185: Bus Be ee

akiore Maley @ Vonathan Guez Abr... Reacted ® to "077 praK”

5]

@10 & @3000 ©o
[Machine/Eftect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your band) by banishing 3
"Meklord® monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster rom it to this card
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

a |

& Foro

Can Dismantle 1

mantic

( (Rotated Cards

Bo +4
Ep ie J
t Ho


Frame 186: yo

Bes se Gee

Mektord Astco. (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted * to "orn prian”
ene @s000 60
IMachine/entect)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(fram your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

=
_ _s_)
=e

ii too


Frame 187: iy set

es @se Gee
Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted 9 to “nn rian”
eine ®so00 8p

(Machine/ettect) =

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Mekiord" monsters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

)

(a How to Obtain

i CB Related Cards
1

eeu (B41

Can Dismantle
#10


Frame 188: iy set

rs se Gee
Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted 9 to “nn priax”
eine ®so00 8p

(Machine/ettect) —

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Mekiord” monsters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

)

(a How to Obtain

i GB Related Cards
1

es (B41

Can Dismantle
410


Frame 189: iy set

rs se Gee
Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted 9 to “nn priax”
eine ®so000 60

[wachine/etieet] |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Mus\ first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Mekiord" monsters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

)

(a How to Obtain

i GB Related Cards
1

ed (B41

Can Dismantle
#10


Frame 190: iy se1

Bs se Gee
Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted 9 to “nn pruax”
eine ®s0n0 8b

{Machine/Etiect]_ —Es

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Mus\ first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord” monsters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

)

i WB Related Cards
1
& jroo
mo.

Can Dismantle
+10


Frame 191: sor pais a8 22

Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes ® to" priax

@1e ®3000 #0
{Machine/étieet! NN
GW Related Cards

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord” monsters with different

< names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card

deciares an attack: You can look at

your opponent's Extra Deck and ease aT
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle
combined ATK of those equipped

monsters. a

While equipped with a Synchro


Frame 192: sor pais «a8 22

Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes ® to" priax
gue ®a000 80

(Machine/Effect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord” monsters with different
names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. ag

While equipped with a Synchro


Frame 193: iy 501

Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes ® to" priax

Bs se Gee

aie ®a000 60

(Machine/Effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by banishing 3

"Meklord” monsters with different 1
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card & Foro

declares an attack: You can look at

your opponent's Extra Deck and ConDismantis 1

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -&  Dismantie
combined ATK of those equipped

monsters. ‘8 General 3

While equipped with a Synchro


Frame 194: (sor pais as 22

Meklord Astro D @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Recoted ® to "171 priaN
g@1i0@ ®3000 #0

i
[Machine/etiect] =

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by banishing 3 (irenes cares baci’
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card

declares an attack: You can look at

your opponent's Extra Deck and

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -%  Dismantle

combined ATK of those equipped

monsters. ag

While equipped with a Synchro

nerat  -30


Frame 195: (sor pais a8 22

Meklord Astro D @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rected ® to "170 priaN
ei0@ @a000 60 i

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (aroree coc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Fans Se,
“Meklord" monsters with different

< names from your GY,

1

Once per turn, when this card & jroo

deciares an attack: You can look at ( 4

your opponent's Extra Deck and cenemoAe S|

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -%  Dismantle +10
General = -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. a

Whlle equipped with a Synchro b


Frame 196: (so pais a8 22

Meklord Astro D @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Reccted ® to "17 priaN
ei0@ @a000 60 i

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (arenes co)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Fans Se,
“Meklord" monsters with different

< names from your GY.

1

Once per turn, when this card & jroo

deciares an attack: You can look at ( 34

your opponent's Extra Deck and cet ems S|

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -%  Dismantle +10
General = -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. a

While equipped with a Synchro &


Frame 197: sor pais «a8 22

Meklord Astro D @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Reoted ® to "171 priaw
ei0@ @a000 60 i

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (aroree cmc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Fares Se
“Meklord" monsters with different

< names from your GY.

1

Once per turn, when this card & jroo

deciares an attack: You can look at ( 34

your opponent's Extra Deck and cet emeee S|

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -&  Dismantle +10
General = -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. a

Whlle equipped with a Synchro &


Frame 198: cso pais as 22

Meklord Astco D @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Reoted ® to "17 priaN
ei0@ @a000 60 i

(achine/Efeet] |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (arose cmc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Fans Se,
“Meklord" monsters with different

< names from your GY,

1

Once per turn, when this card & jroo

deciares an attack: You can look at ( 34

your opponent's Extra Deck and nal

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -& — Dismantle +10

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. ol) Generate

Whlle equipped with a Synchro &


Frame 199: cso pais as 22

Meklord Astro D @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rected ® to "17 priaN
g1i0@ ®3000 #0

i
(Machine/etiect]____ =

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by banishing 3 (irenes cares bac’
"Meklord” monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card

declares an attack: You can look at

your opponent's Extra Deck and

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle

combined ATK of those equipped

monsters. 1 Generate

While equipped with a Synchro


Frame 200: iy set

Bais

se 22

Meklord Astco D @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "rn priaN

@10@ ®3000 60

[Machine/Effect] a

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

|
& isoio
Can Dismantle “I )

-®  Dismantie +10
By -30

ag


Frame 201: sor eis se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reaoted 9 to "rm pr1aN’
e10@ ®s3000 60 i

{Machine/éttect] NIN |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (arenes coc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 frvaane Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & jyo10
declares an attack: You can look at ( =
your opponent's Extra Deck and 2
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
BY -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. nl)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fi


Frame 202: sor eis se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted 9 to "rm pr1aN’
e10@ ®s3000 60 i

{Machine/Ettect] NNN |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (arenes coc]
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Faun Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & jyo10
declares an attack: You can look at ( =
your opponent's Extra Deck and 20
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
BY -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. nl)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fF


Frame 203: sor eis se G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted 9 to "rm pray’
e10@ ®s3000 60 i

{Machine/Ettect] NNN |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (arenes coc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 frvaane Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & jyo10
declares an attack: You can look at ( =
your opponent's Extra Deck and 20
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
BY -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. nl)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fF


Frame 204: sor eis «se | 22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted § to "rm pra’
e10@ ®s3000 60 i

{Machine/Ettect] NNN |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (aronea coc]
(from your hand) by banishing 3 frvaane Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & jvo10
declares an attack: You can look at ( =
your opponent's Extra Deck and 20
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
BY -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. nl)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fF


Frame 205: sor eis «se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted 9 to "rn pr1aN’
e10@ ®s3000 60 i

{Machine/Ettect] NNN |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (Carerea coc]
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Faun Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & jvo10
declares an attack: You can look at ( =
your opponent's Extra Deck and 2
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
BY -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. ny)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fi


Frame 206: sor eis se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reaoted 9 to "rn pr1aN’
e10@ ®s3000 60 i

{Machine/éttect] NNN |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (Carorea coc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Faun Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & jvo10
declares an attack: You can look at ( =
your opponent's Extra Deck and 20
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
BY -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. ny)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fF


Frame 207: sor «eis se G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted 9 to "rn pray’
ele ®s3000 60 |

{Machine/Ettect] NNN

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (arorea coc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 Faun Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & jyo10
declares an attack: You can look at ( =
your opponent's Extra Deck and eee Deenome | ~
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
By -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. ny)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fF


Frame 208: sor eis se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted 9 to "rm pray’
ele ®s3000 60 |

{Machine/Ettect] NNN

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned (arenes coc)
(from your hand) by banishing 3 frvaane Cort
“Meklord" monsters with different

1
< names from your GY,
Once per turn, when this card & Yor
declares an attack: You can look at ( ig
your opponent's Extra Deck and 20D al
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -®  Dismantle +10
By -30

combined ATK of those equipped
monsters. ny)

While equipped with a Synchro

Generate fF


Frame 209: iy 591

2s ese | G22

Meklord Astro D @> Yonathan Guez Abr..

ee 3000 60
[Machine/Effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

Reacted @ to "Irn prtan

|
!
& jroo
Can Dismantle “1 )
“8 Dismantle +10
® -30

mg

nerate fi


Frame 210: sor eis @se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reccted 9 to "rn pr1ay’

aie ®s000 60 |

(Machine/tiect]_ =

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by banishing 3 (ireines cares bcka
“Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card & iso/0

declares an attack: You can look at

your opponent's Extra Deck and an tesa = 1

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -%  Dismantie

combined ATK of those equipped

Weeites ‘G1 Generate  -30

While equipped with a Synchro


Frame 211: sor eis se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reaoted to "rn pr1aN’

aie ®s000 60 |

(Machine/Etiect]___ =

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by banishing 3 (ireaes cares corde
“Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card & iso/o

declares an attack: You can look at

your opponent's Extra Deck and ee tesa se 1

equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the -%  Dismantie

combined ATK of those equipped

Weeites ‘1 Generate  -30

While equipped with a Synchro


Frame 212: sor eis se | G22

Meklord Astro D (@ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reaoted ® to "rn pr1aN’
aie ®3000 #0

|
{Machine/Ettect] NNN (Anon ost)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by banishing 3 ; =
“Meklord" monsters with different

< names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card

declares an attack: You can look at

your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.

This card gains ATK equal to the “4% Dismantie
combined ATK of those equipped
Weeites ‘1 Generate  -30

While equipped with a Synchro


Frame 213: iy 591

ais

se 22

Meklord Astro D (@) Yonathan Guez Abr..

ee 3000 60
[Machine/Effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

Reacted ® to "Irn prtan

|
1

& iso/o

Can Dismantle i )

-®  Dismantle +10
By -30

mg

nerate i


Frame 214: Qo

Qu Qe Be

gue
[Machine/Effect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
“Meklord" mansters with different
names from your GY.

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

Mekiord Asts @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Reactec § to">nn prian”

iyovo
CanDismantle 1

img _
. 1


Frame 215: iy 591

R218

se 22

roy ‘Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted @ to"1Mn plan’

Frame 216: © Vonathan cuez Abr... Reccted  to“1rn prTaN”


Frame 217: Ga Os Oe ma

@1e
(Fiend/Etteet =

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from

You can only use each of the
q following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms - Shimmering Scraper”
once per turn.
@ (Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this tum, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

Snare

Ravel, Lox of Phi @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Recctec § to "orn prian”
@ago0 ®aoo0 D
a

your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.

|
FW Related Cards
& iuoro
oe (co)

te +10


Frame 218: iy 591

as ss Gee

@iy ®an00 ® 4000

Fiend/EHect a |
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

ebne eee

Lord of P @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reactes ® 10 "rn priaN

& isoro

Can Dismantie 4

ca

ii

Dismantle

( dA How 10 obtain
f WiRetated Cards

Bo +t

(Eo a

+10


Frame 219: iy set

ais

Bx Gee

Raxiel, Lord of P @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "171 priaN

@ue @®ano0 4000

[Fiend/éttect]_____

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent

Paap ieee ee

in


Frame 220: iy 5e1

Raxiel, Lord of P @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "vr priaN

2s ese G22

@ue @ano0 64000

(Fiend/etfect] oa

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

|
4
1

Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" oo

once per turn. ( 4

@(Quick Effect): You can discard ‘Cant Dismonitis 1 =
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the 4° Dismantle +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent

coir pleeteceseaets

‘Bt Generate ® -30


Frame 221: iy 591

Raxiel, Lord of P @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "171 priaN

SC SE

@ue @®ano0 4000

(Fiend/etfect] “=

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

|
4
1

Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" 0/0

once per turn. ( 4

@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Dismantle
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the (4° Dismantle +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent

coir peleeseceseaets

"Bt Generate ® -30


Frame 222: iy 591

Raxiel, Lord of P @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "vr priaN

2s ese G22

@ue @®ano0 64000

(Fiend/etfect] =

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

|
4
1

Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" 0/0

once per turn. ( 4

@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Dismantle
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the 8” Dismantle +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent

coir peleeseceseaets

‘Bt Generate ® -30


Frame 223: iy 591

Raxiel, Lord of P @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "vr priaN

as ese = G22

@ue @®ano0 64000

(Fiend/éttect]|_

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

|
4
1

Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" Joo

once per turn. ( 24

@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Dismantle
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the (4° Dismantle +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent

coir peleeseceseaets

"Bt Generate ® -30


Frame 224: iy 591

Raxiel, Lord of P @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "171 priaN

2s se | G22

@ue @®ano0 4000

(Fiend/éttect]____

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of

|
2
1

Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" 0/0

once per turn. ( a4

@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Dismantle
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the 4° Dismantle +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent

coivbpeleeseceeaets

iia


Frame 225: iy 591

Raxiel, Lord of P @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rected ® to "1710 oD
@iye @ano0 &a000 )

2s se | G22

_ Ma a
{Fiena/ettect]_____ NNN 3 ay | (A von 9 onnin)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. % 1

=

your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper gy ae
‘once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard ‘ant Dismenitia 1
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the 4° Dismantle +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

Must be Special Summoned (from Sa
+1

double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

coi ple eter ts

1t Generate 30
U


Frame 226: viel Lord @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Reactec to" prian"
@10% @an00 ©4000

[Fiand/ettect) —
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summaned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms - Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect); You can discard

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent f  Genarate 30

peste ae


Frame 227: iy 591

218

se 22

roy ‘Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted @ to"1Mn plan’

Frame 228: @ Vonathan cuez Abr... Reected to “Irn prTaN"


Frame 229: se 85 ED ®

Sandaion, tt @ Vonatnan Guez abr.. Reacted @ to "1h prawn’

e108 ®ao00 ®4000 }
(Falry/EMfect] | } (Al How t obtsin
Cannot be Special Summoned from |

the Deck.

You can only contra! 1 "Sandaion,

q the Timelard"
1 If only your opponent controls a

monster. you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card.

At the end af the Battle Phase, if rT: er
this card battled: inflict 2000


Frame 230: iy 591

rs ss Gee

#108
{Falry/Effect)
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 “Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

If only your opponent contrals a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battied: Inflict 2000

Sendoion, the Tt @ Yonathan Guez Abr... Reacted * 10"rn wae |

anon ® 4000

EEE

sh
& isor0
==

Wit General ® -3

{ CitRetated cards

c=)


Frame 231: iy 5e1

2s ese | G22

Sandaion, the Ti @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "170 SD
@i8 @ano0 S000 —_

(aiy/eted) aay
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord".

If only your opponent contrals a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card

effects.
Neither player takes battle damage AY Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if i General *
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 232: iy 591

2s se | G22

Sandaion, the Ti @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rected ® to "170 SD
aie @ano0 #000 —_

(Fairy/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”. 1

monster, you can Normal Summon iyoio
this card without Tributing. Cannot Can Dismantle
be destroyed by battle or card ——————

effects.
Neither player takes battle damage AY Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if i General *
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 233: iy 591

as ese | G22

Sandaion, the Ti @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "70 SD
aie @ano0 #000 —_

(Falry/etfect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”. 1

monster, you can Normal Summon joio
this card without Tributing. Cannot Can Dismantie
be destroyed by battle or card ————

effects.
Neither player takes battle damage AY Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if i General *
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 234: ey 591

2s ese G22

Sandaion, the Ti @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Rected ® to "170 SD
@i8 @ano0 #000 —

(Faby/Etiect)
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 “Sandaion,
the Timelord".

If only your opponent controls a

monster, you can Normal Summon & 4/010

this card without Tributing. Cannot C. pismantia
be destroyed by battle or card —_——————

effects.
Neither player takes battle damage AY Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if it General *
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 235: iy 591

2s ese | G22

Sandaion, the Ti @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "1710 SD
@i8 @ano0 #000 —

(Falry/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 “Sandaion,
the Timelord".

If only your opponent controls a

monster, you can Normal Summon & 4/010

this card without Tributing. Cannot C. pismantia
be destroyed by battle or card ———

effects.
Neither player takes battle damage Ay Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if it General *
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 236: iy 591

2s ese | G22

Sandaion, the Ti @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rescted ® to "170 SD
ee @anon ® 4000 =a

CS —————
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord".

If only your opponent contrals a

monster, you can Normal Summon & 4/010

this card without Tributing. Cannot C5 pismantia
be destroyed by battle or card — al

effects.
Neither player takes battle damage AY Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if tt General *
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 237: iy 591

2s ese | G22

Sandaion, the Ti @} Yonathan Guez Abr... Rected ® to "170 SD
ee anon ® 4000 =a

i
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord".

If only your opponent contrals a

monster, you can Normal Summon & 4/010

this card without Tributing. Cannot C pismantia
be destroyed by battle or card ——

effects.
Neither player takes battle damage Ay Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if "it General *
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 238: iy 591

as se | G22

Sandaion, the Ti @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes ® to “110 pr

@108 ®ano0 #4000

(rairy/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

I only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot

be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if “Pt Generat
this card battled: Inflict 2000


Frame 239: iy 591

pais

Qs ge

Sandaion, the Ti @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes ® to “110 pr

e108 @ano0 #000

{Falry/Effect] — a

Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

i

|
1

& iso/o

Can Dismantle “1 )

A Dismantle +10

erat *


Frame 240: iy 591

pais

x Gee

Sandaion, the Ti @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Recctes ® to “110 pr

e108 @ano0 #000

(Fairy/Etfect] =~ |

Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

i
|
1
=
iyo/0
Can Dismantle Leia! 1

-®  Dismantle +10

mg

erat ®


Frame 241: iy 591

pais

Qs Gee

Sandaion, the Ti @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Recctes ® to “110 pr

e108 @ano0 #000

(Fairy/Etfect] |

Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

i
|
1
=
iyov0
Can Dismantle Leia! 1

-®  Dismantie +10

img

erat ®


Frame 242: iy 591

pais

Qs Ge

Sandaion, the Ti @) Yonathan Guez Abr... Resctes ® to “110 pr

e108 @ano0 #000

(Fairy/Etfect] —

Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

i
|
1
=
iyo/0
Can Dismantle Lees! 1

-®  Dismantie +10

mg

erat ®


Frame 243: iy 591

2s ese | G22

@108 ®ano0 #4000

(ratry/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

4
1

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle +10
0

Generate


Frame 244: iy 591

2s ese | G22

@108 ®apo0 #4000

(ratry/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

4
1

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantie +10
0

Generate


Frame 245: iy 591

as ese | G22

Sandaion, theTimelord

@108 ®ano0 #4000

(ratry/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

4
1

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle +10
0

Generate


Frame 246: sor ets «se | 22
Sandaion, the Timelord

e108 ®anoo ®ao00
(Fairy/Etfect] a

Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

< You can only control 1 "Sandaion,

CA

the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot 0, piamantie

“1

be destroyed by battle or card sGoeDlamaatie 1 ( == y
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage “4% _ Dismantie +10

from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

Generate


Frame 247: | Sandaion, the Timelncd

e108 @aoop 4000

(Fairy/ettect]_

Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck,

You can only control 1 “Sandaion,
the Timelord”.

|F only yeur opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing, Cannot
be destroyed by battle of card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: inflict 2000

a,

ri

& iso

i
Lo
CanDismantle 1

Condiments 1 (EY )

+1
al

Ganerate -30


Frame 248: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 249: aw) a,

Unimatn Conductar Tyranno aw Ca LN
= r yy
i] a

@05 @a500 @s200

(Dinpsaur/Ettect) | (As econin) |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summons

(rag) your hand) by:tranishing 2
Dif gaur monsters from your GY. —_—_—_,
ON ber tuft = (fa vm)

Pfigse (Quick EI a a
destroy 1 monster In your Mand or (Be ” }}
field, and you do, change all Can Biers tim! | |
face-up monsters your Opponent oe i a
cantinls to lace-+down Daterts= (AF dlamanile dr vio | |
Position

‘This tard can attack all monsters -

your opponent controls. ance each. Ley aml |

L- |


Frame 250: imate Conductor ranne

@iue @3500 ©:
(Dinosaur/enect)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-dawn Detense
Position

This card can attack all mansters
your opponent controls, once each.

a jior0

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 251: (Dinosaurfetect
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls ta face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls, once each.

Ca)

Can Diamantla BQ oot }

Generate f


Frame 252: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Vina Cocoyans

gs ®3s00 ®3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

:
& ivo/o

Can Dismantle

e

ry

Generate


Frame 253: iy set

as se Gee

Cina cc rane

gis ®3s00 ©3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

How to Obtain


Frame 254: iy 591

es ss Ghee

Ultimate Conductor Tyranna __&

gis ®3s00 ®3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.


Frame 255: iy 591

rs ss ze

Ultimate Conductor Tyranna 8

gs ®3s00 ©3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.


Frame 256: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Ultimate Conductor Tyranna _ _&

gs ®3s00 ®3200

(Dinosauremect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

fr)
a
& jroo
Can Dismantle =a )

Gd

ry

Generate


Frame 257: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Una Contcoyans

gs ®3s00 ®3200

(Dinosau/enect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

a
a
& jroo
-1

Can Dismantle


Frame 258: iy 591

es ss ze

Cina Cc ame

gis ®s3s00 ©3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

fr
a
& jroo
Can Dismantle a }

y

ry

Generate


Frame 259: iy 591

as ss Ghee

Cina Cnc rane

gs ®s3s00 ®3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

fr)
a
& jroo
Can Dismantle sa }

e

ry

Generate


Frame 260: iy 591

rs ss ze

Una Conca

gue ®ssu0 $3200

(Dinosaureneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

a
jroo
Can Dismantle Ei. }

& antle +10

ra

Generate


Frame 261: iy 591

Ges ss Gee

Una Cocoa

gue ®ss00 3200

(Dinosaureneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

a
jroo
Can Dismantle is }

& antle +10

ra

Generate


Frame 262: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Una Conca

ee ®ss00 $3200

(Dinosaureneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

a
jroo
Can Dismantle Eu }

& antle +10

ra

Generate


Frame 263: iy 591

as ss ze

Una Cocoa

gue ®ssu0 3200

(Dinosaureneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
contrals to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

a
jroo
Can Dismantle Eis }


Frame 264: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Una Cocoa

gue ®ssu0 3200

(Dinosaureneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

a
1

1
=

jroo
Can Dismantle

bec

ra

( G 3

snerate


Frame 265: iy 591

as ss Ghee

Una Cocoa

gue ®ss00 3200

(Dinosaurenect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

a
1

1
==

jroo
Can Dismantle

bec

ra

( 7 3

snerate


Frame 266: iy 591

as ss Gz

Unt Cocos!

ge ®3s00 #3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

How to Obtain

& jroo

CanDismantie 1 }
-®  Dismantle +10
"Bt Gonerate


Frame 267: iy 591

es ss Gee

Un Cocos!

ge ®3s00 @3200

(Dinosaureneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

How to Obtain

& jroo

CanDismantie 1 }
-®  Dismantle +10
"8 Gonerate


Frame 268: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Una Cory!

ge ®s3s00 @3200

(Dinosaur/eneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

How to Obtain

Cire:
A

a1
=

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle +10
0

a

Generate


Frame 269: iy 591

es ss Ghee

nat Cocos!

ge ®s3s00 #3200

(Dinosaureneet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face—down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.

How to Obtain

Cire:
A

a1
=

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle +10
0

a

Generate


Frame 270: iy 591

rs ss Gee

gue ®3s00 @3200

(Dinosaur/emect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Phase (Quick Effect): You can j

destroy 1 monster in your hand or 4
field, and if you do, change all Sen Diamante 1. *
face-up monsters your opponent

controls to face-down Defense -®  Dismantle #10
Position.

This card can attack all monsters 1 Generate
your apponent controls, once each. t =

How to Obtain

-30


Frame 271: iy 591

2s se | G22

ge ®3s00 #3200

(Dinosauvemeet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent

Can Dismantle

contrals to face—down Defense -®  Dismantle
Position.
This card can attack all monsters ‘ca

your opponent controls, once each. i


Frame 272: iy 591

2s ese | G22

ge ®3s00 #3200

(Dinosaur/eMeet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent

Can Dismantle

contrals to face—down Defense -®  Dismantle
Position.
This card can attack all monsters ‘ca

your opponent controls, once each. ‘


Frame 273: iy 591

2s ese | G22

ge ®3s00 #3200

(Dinosaur/eMect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent

Can Dismantle

controls to face—down Defense -®  Dismantle
Position.
This card can attack all monsters ‘ta

your opponent controls, once each. ‘


Frame 274: iy 591

2s ese | G22

ee ®ss00 #3200

(Dinosaur/emeet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent

Can Dismantle

contrals to face—down Defense -®  Dismantle
Position.
This card can attack all monsters ‘ca

your opponent controls, once each.


Frame 275: iy 591

2s se G22

gue ®ss00 #3200

(Dinosaur/emeet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent

Can Dismantle

controls to face—down Defense -®  Dismantle
Position.
This card can attack all monsters ‘ca

your opponent controls, once each. i


Frame 276: iy 591

2s se | G22

ge ®3s00 #3200

(Dinosaur/eMeet]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned Waa
(from your hand) by banishing 2

Dinosaur monsters from your GY.

Phase (Quick Effect): You can & jvo10

destroy 1 monster in your hand or 3
field, and if you do, change all ConDismontie 1%
face-up monsters your opponent

controls to face-down Defense -®  Dismantle +10
Position.
-30

This card can attack all monsters a
your opponent controls, once each. i

Generate


Frame 277: iy 591

as ss Gee

ee ®ss00 #3200

(Dinosaur/eMect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned Waa
(from your hand) by banishing 2

Dinosaur monsters from your GY.

Phase (Quick Effect): You can & jvo10

destroy 1 monster in your hand or 3
field, and if you do, change all CenDismontie 1 \*
face-up monsters your opponent

controls to face-down Defense -®  Dismantle +10
Position.
-30

This card can attack all monsters a
your opponent controls, once each. i

Generate


Frame 278: iy 591

rs ss ze

ge ®3500 #3200

(Dinosaur/emeet]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2
Dinosaur monsters from your GY.
Once per turn, during the Main

Phase (Quick Effect): You can & jv010
destroy 1 monster in your hand or

field, and if you do, change all Con Dismontie 1
face-up monsters your opponent

controls to face-down Defense -®  Dismantle +10
Position.
30

This card can attack all monsters 1! Gonerate
your apponent controls, once each. u a

[i Rel:
al


Frame 279: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Ultimate Conductor Tyranno =O]

ge ®3500 63200
{Dinaeaur/enect] NN

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 2

Dinosaur monsters from your GY.

Phase (Quick Effect): You can & 40/0

destroy 1 monster in your hand or 3
field, and if you do, change all Con Dismente 1 "*
face-up monsters your opponent

controls to face-down Defense
Position.

This card can attack all monsters ie Generate 30

your opponent controls, once each. i a


Frame 280: @ie ®3s00 3200

(WinosauveMect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
q ‘om your hand) by banishing 2
josaur monsters fram your GY.
nce per tum, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
destroy 1 monster in your hand or
field, and if you do, change all
face-up monsters your opponent
controls to face—dawn Defense
Position.
This card can attack all monsters
your apponent controls, once each.


Frame 281: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 282: aw)

a

®

Sandaion, the Timelar

@ine
(Fairy/Effect)
Cannot be Speclal’Summoned {rm
the Deck. :
You'éan onily’€onlfl4 “Sandaion,
the Timelord"

only your opponent controlsse:
monster. you can, Normal Summon
this carc without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card

| effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks invalving this card.

At the end of the Battle Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000 —

(Aivow te oon |


Frame 283: Sandaion, the Timelard F sé

e108 @a000 ®ao00

i ccc

Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”.

If only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card.

At the end of the Battie Phase, If
this card battled: Inflict 2000

=%

& ijaro
Can Diamante 1 (EY )

& H10

4} Dismantie

{ Generate
General


Frame 284: ser ais ss ae

Sandaion, the Timelord GD
e108 @anon S000
(Falry/efect] NL

Cannot be Special Summoned from

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
+
te

<q the Timelord”, (=)

1

If only your opponent controls a =
monster, you can Normal Summon & i/0/0
this card without Tributing. Cannot G7 piamantia

be destroyed by battle or card es

effects.

Neither player takes battle damage (4

from attacks involving this card.

At the end of the Battle Phase. If "B Generate -30

this card battled: inflict 2000


Frame 285: iy 591

as se ze

#108 ®aono0 #4000

Irairy/ettect]!
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

If only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

=

& iso
CanDismantie 1 —

"Bl Generate


Frame 286: iy 591

rs ss Gee

#108 ®aono0 #4000

Wrairy/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

If only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

Generate

ra


Frame 287: iy 591

ras ss ze

#108 ®ano0 #4000

[Fairy/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

If only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

Generate

ra


Frame 288: iy 591

rs ss Gz

e108 ®aono0 #4000

(rairy/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

IF only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

Generate

ra
t


Frame 289: iy 591

2s ese G22

e108 ®ano0 #4000

(rairy/ettect]
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck.

You can only control 1 "Sandaion,
the Timelord”,

If only your opponent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing. Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.

Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card

At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: Inflict 2000

Generate

i


Frame 290: sue ®anno #000

(Fatry/ettect!
Cannot be Special Summoned from
the Deck,

yYou can only contral 1 "Sandaion,
&: Timelord".

only your appenent controls a
monster, you can Normal Summon
this card without Tributing, Cannot
be destroyed by battle or card
effects.
Neither player takes battle damage
from attacks involving this card
At the end of the Battle Phase, if
this card battled: inflict 2000


Frame 291: ser zis «| se

GR 22

Frame 292: Rawel, Lond of Phuntaayns- Shiai SO

@.0 dag00 @aon
(Ficimpttectl ——
Cannel ba Normal Summonad/Set
Must be Specia) Summoned {freq
yourhand)shy: Tributing 3 monsters:
You can only use each ol tte
follwing efledts of "Raviel, Lord of

| Phiaii@sms - Shimmering Serape" 8

onee per turn, j
@(Quiek: Cfect): You ean discard

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord:
| of Phanasme” you-cfinirel: for the

festol this tum, ils ATK beeemes
double [ts curem ATK: aisa |k.can
alie%-all mansters yOu" oppangnt

Tia

pacigemdieey Res “1

(> Bicmamie +10 |


Frame 293: Raviel, Lord af Phantasms ~ Shimme
®10» ao00 San00

[Fiond/ettoctl
Cannot be Normal Summaned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each ol the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@ (Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 “Raviel, Lord
‘of Phantasms" you cantral; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK. alsa it can
attack all monsters your apponent

ine noe


Frame 294: sor yas se G22
Raviel, Lord of Phanianms ~ Shimmering Se #4)

(mine anno S000
[Flonc/eftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper”
once per turn.

@ (Quick Effect): You can discard

this card and target 1 “Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the Bz dismantle @ +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK. also it can
attack all monsters your oppanent U

seeminle nenenaers


Frame 295: iy set

rs ss Gee

Tan od of Paris = SRST]

ely ®aon0 4000

IFiend/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn,

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

pniriike na ae

& inno
Can dismantle 1 (ES )

bd

a


Frame 296: sor ats ss ize
Rave oto Prins —Shiomeing SEE]

ei ¥ ®ann0 ®ag00
IFiend/ettect),
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
+

( )

:
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" i
once per turn. ca = - )
@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Dismantle

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control: for the
rest of this turn; its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent i

inriike nag ae


Frame 297: sor ats ss ihe
Rave oto Pravin —Shioneiog $e]

iy Sano %ag00
IFiend/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
J

( )

“
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper" Fah
once per turn. ca (j= - )
@(Quick Effect): You can discard Can Dismantle

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn; its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent i

rinriile eng ae


Frame 298: (sor pais ss 22

Raviel, Lord of Phantasms i
ein ano #000
[Fiend/étfect]_ a —~ |
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters,
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn) its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent T

Paes ees

a-»

Generate


Frame 299: iy 591

rs ss Gz

Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ~ Shimmer
giny anno 4000

(Fiend/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack all monsters your opponent

Disnerie eine er rt


Frame 300: sor (ep2zie «ese | ae
Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ~ Shimmering Se

@.¥ ®ao00 #4000

(Flend/Etfect) ——— |
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect); You can discard

this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its current ATK, also it can a
attack ali monsters your opponent u

rire eseureae de

Generate


Frame 301: a) 501

By 2ie GR 22

Ravel, Lord of Phantasms ~ Shinmeting Se &)

@.0¥ ®aon0 #4000

(Flend/Etfect] —e

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Raviel, Lord of
Phantasms — Shimmering Scraper"
once per turn.

@(Quick Effect): You can discard
this card and target 1 "Raviel, Lord
of Phantasms" you control; for the
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes
double its current ATK, also it can
attack ali monsters your opponent

Cae ee


Frame 302: Ti, ord of Phantsms = SH BE]

@ue ®aoo00 Ga000

(Fiend/Ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from

ur hand) by Tributing 3 monsters.
u can only use aach of the

. re effects of "Raviel, Lord of

hantasms — Shimmering Scraper’ ge Cae

once per turn, ———
@ (Quick Effect): You can discard alae Si

this card and target 1 “Raviel, Lord

of Phantasms" you cantrol; for the 4= dismantle = +10
rest of this turn, its ATK becomes

double its currant ATK, also it can mean ——

attack al) monsters your opponent kid

cobb alennreicets


Frame 303: sor epzis «ae

GR 22

Frame 304: Meklord Astro Dragan Tr a as FI =

®iwe #3000 ®o
IMachine/Eftecy}, ng ! (a= 2 Obtain }
Cannot be Normal Summaned/Sel: ee

Must first be Special Summoned
(Inarmyour jrand) byiban shing 3
“Mekloid” monsters with diferent
ames from your GY, BE +)
Onee per turn. when this card 3 To —"
declates an attack You can loakat Pel se)
your opponent's Extra Deck and Ean Diomaetie 1 | Y
equip 1 monster from It to this card. ; N
This Gard gains ATK equal tothe { Ae Dismantle ~i+10 |
combined ATK ol those equipped
monsters.

While equippeo with a Synchte


Frame 305: ee 3000 ®0
IMachine/Etfect]
Cannot be Normal Summaned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Mekiord” monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

A How to obtain

ills

Bo +
ri Horo
Candie 1 (ED 1

By Dismantie «= +10


Frame 306: 59

@yze @ese dh 22

a

Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion i)

e10@ @3000 60

(Machine/Etfect! =e
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

Ai How to obtain

jolated Cards

ile

1
& ivoo

Can Dismantle

Ly

my

¥

antle = +10

(@! Genurat > -30


Frame 307: ee 3000 $0

(Machine/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

lo=
tom)

& jso10

acd

at
U

Dismantie

Generate


Frame 308: ee 3000 $0

(Machine/eftect)_ ———— |
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

|
& iyo10

&

Dismantie

‘Bt Generate  -30
‘an:


Frame 309: ee 3000 60

(Machine/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

|
& iyo10

acd

Dismantie

‘Bt Generate  -30
‘ak:


Frame 310: ee 3000 $0

(Machine/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
deciares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

& iyo10

Can Dismantle

acd

a
t

Dismantle

Generate


Frame 311: Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord" monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle

Wl Generate Py -30
‘a: r


Frame 312: ge ®3000 #0

(Machine/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord” monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

& jroo

Can Dismantle

cd

ra
t

Dismantle

Generate a


Frame 313: a) 501

zis @se | i 22

Meklord Astro Dragan Triskelion i)

ge ®3000 #0

(Machine/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 3
"Meklord” monsters with different
names from your GY,

Once per turn, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster from it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal to the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

& jroo

Can Dismantle

cd

ra
t

1

Dismantle

Generate  -30


Frame 314: e108 @sn00 60

(achinsietteet]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
fom your hand) by banishing 3
ieklord” monsters with different
Siames from your GY,

‘Once per tum, when this card
declares an attack: You can look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
equip 1 monster fram it to this card.
This card gains ATK equal ta the
combined ATK of those equipped
monsters.

While equipped with a Synchro

Bo ou
Condiments 1 (EF *
(Generate ® -30


Frame 315: sor epzis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 316: Marl Geers Bone UE

‘ @s a S2400 ®2a0 |

$Plant(etect) a —J
You can only conlre! 4 "Mardel, |
Generaider Boss af Light".
y Wf thls Card jf Nonmal a Special
< Summoned You car add f
“Generaider" ‘card or Plant
| Opus ot gar Ean Digmantie 1 (ea |
You can only use this effect of

"Mardel, Gentraider Boss of Light" (ee Dismay «10
ones per turn, F


Frame 317: Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light @)

@s a @2a00 ®2an0

[Planets]
You can only coniro| 1 "Marcel,
Generaider Boss of Light".

I this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Marde!, Generaider
Boss of Light"

You can only use this effect of
"Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light"
‘ance per turn.

CA)


Frame 318: so

@pze dese dh 22

Mardel, Generaider Boss at Light €

esa @2a00 S200

(Piant/etfect] —=

You can only control 1 “Mardel,
Generaider Boss of Light",

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light"

You can only use this effect of
"Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light"
‘once per turn

¢ /
WB Related Cards
1
B+
& ivoi0
os.


Frame 319: i) set

zis Gse | i 22

Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light a

es 64 ®zan0 @2¢00

(Piant/etiect]____

You can only control 1 “Mardel,

Generaider Boss of Light",
If this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can add 1
“Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light". Can Dismantle 1
You can only use this effect of

once per turn.

ia

enreral 30
- os


Frame 320: a) 501

y2is @se | 22

Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light) a

es 4 ®zan0 @2«00

(Pianvettect]____

You can only control 1 “Mardel,

Generaider Boss of Light",
If this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can add 1
“Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light". Can Dismantle 1
You can only use this effect of

once per turn.

ia

enreral 30
‘a


Frame 321: a) 501

zis @se | f 22

Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light)

es 4 ®zan0 @2«00

IPianvettect]

You can only control 1 "Mardel,
Generaider Boss of Light",

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
"Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck te your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light”.

You can only use this effect of
"Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light"
‘once per turn.

ia

enreral 30
os


Frame 322: i) 501

Ce: SC IE

Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light ( )

es 6 ®zan0 @2e00

(ianvetect NN

You can only control 1 “Mardel,

Generaider Boss of Light",
If this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can add 1
“Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light”.

You can only use this effect of

once per turn.

1B Gey
os


Frame 323: i) 501

y2is @se 22

Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light

es ®zan0 @2¢00

[Plant/Eftect) ee |
You can only control 1 "Mardel,
Generaider Boss of Light",

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
"Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light”.

You can only use this effect of
"Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light”
once per turn.

!
& jsoio
(Eo -
Can Dismante bec f

& antle +10

Ce
os


Frame 324: i) 501

(ep 2is GR 22
Mardel, Gencraider Boss of Light C )
aso ®zan0 2400

[Plant/Effect) —a
You can only control 1 "Mardel,
Generaider Boss of Light",

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
"Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light”.

You can only use this effect of
"Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light”
once per turn.

!
& jroo
Can Dismantie a 1 )
AY Dismantie +10

‘at General


Frame 325: i) 501

(ep 2is GR 22
Mardel, Gencraider Boss of Light C )
aso ®zann 2400

[Planveftect]_

You can only control 1 "Mardel,
Generaider Boss of Light",

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
"Generaider" card or 1 Plant
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light”.

You can only use this effect of
"Mardel, Generaider Boss of Light”
once per turn.

BO 1

iD +10

1
& iso

Can Dismantie


Frame 326: Maral, Generate Bowe gt

* ®eapo S240
(Planveteet)

You can only contral 1 "Mardel,
Generaider Boss of Light".
f this card is Normal or Special
esnara You can add 1
‘Generaider” card or 1 Plant
‘monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Mardel, Generaider
Boss of Light".
You can only use this effect of
"Marde|, Generaider Boss of Light"
once per turn.

Gonerate

a»


Frame 327: ser epzis «ae

GR 22

Frame 328: <
Fruoy a ha Bight oa am
@e 0 ®2000 @2a00 | —! ral

(aio cnn)
Te

y Blacie Luster Saidier

(Warriar/GHeeth ——
Cannol be Nermal Sumjaned/Set:
Must first be Speolal SLininoned
(iromyounhand) byieanishing 7
LIGHT and 1 DARK-monster from

) you GY, Once pertum, you can
aetivate 1 of these effects
@Tarazt 1 monster an the tisid;
banish it, THis) card cannot attack

| the turn this effect is activated, Pid)

@'F this attacking card destrays.an
opponent's monster by battle: 1:
can make a seoahd attack in a row,


Frame 329: oe ® 3000 ®2500
(Warrlovetfect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
q your GY, Once per turn, you can

ip |

Et

SA

CA)

==>

1
activate 1 of these effects. Fs tio
@laraet 1 monster on the field; ( 4
banish it. This card cannot attack «Can Dismantle_0 ee
the turn this effect is activated. =!
@if this attacking card destroys an | > Cannio’ antis

apponent's monster by battle: It =
= can make a secand attack in a row.

Generate


Frame 330: @sno0 @2500

(Warrlor/étfectl Es
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY, Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.
@larget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the tur this effect is activated.

@ii this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: It
can make a second attack in a row.

CRA)
A
1
B+
x j/o0
== 2 Ci

Cannot Dismar

‘mg


Frame 331: a5 8 ®so00 ®2500

(Warrlorfetteet]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY, Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.

@larget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the turn this effect is activated.

@1F this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: It
can make a second attack in a row.

& 7)
CanDismantie 0 gu )

*s Cannot Dismantie


Frame 332: a5 8 ®so00 @2500

(Warrlor/etteet)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY, Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.

@larget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the turn this effect is activated.

@'F this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: It
can make a second attack in a row.

& jsa10
CanDismantie 0 = )

*s Cannot Dismantie


Frame 333: a5 8 ®so00 @2500

(Warrlorfetteet]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY, Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.

@larget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the turn this effect is activated.

@'F this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: It
can make a second attack in a row.

& jsa10
CanDismantie 0 = )

*s Cannot Dismantie


Frame 334: a5 8 ®so00 ®2500

(Warlorfettect)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY, Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.
@larget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the turn this effect is activated.
@'F this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: It
can make a second attack in a row.

1
& jso1o
Can Dismantie 0 = )

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 335: a5 8 ®s000 ®2500

Warrlorfettect!

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY, Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.
@larget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the turn this effect is activated.
@1F this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: It
can make a second attack in a row.

1
& jso10
CanDismantie 0 =I }

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 336: Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY. Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.

@ Target 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the turn this effect is activated.

@if this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: It
can make a second attack in a row.

:
& jsoro
CanDismantie 0 = )

ss Cannot Dismantie

"ft Generate


Frame 337: a) 501

zis @ese | a2

a5 8 ®s000 @2500

{Wartlor/effect! aE
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from
your GY. Once per turn, you can
activate 1 of these effects.
@farget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the turn this effect is activated

@if this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by hattie: It
can make a second attack in a row.

|
& jroo
CanDismantie 0 =t )
inot Dismanti

‘a erate ® -30
General


Frame 338: Black Lane Soller ~ Envoy he Bean

es o @sn00 ®2500
Wartorfeftect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by banishing 1
IGHT and 1 DARK monster from
our GY, Once per turn, you can
‘activate 1 of these effects.
@Farget 1 monster on the field;
banish it. This card cannot attack
the tum this effect is activated
@if this attacking card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle! It
can make a second attack in a row.


Frame 339: ser eyzis «= se

GR 22

Frame 340: ee 0 ean G2 ‘

1) Warrigr/Ettect) - — Aianite comer |

You can Special Summon thls cord
(tron your band) by returning |
“ULAy momar yauysentrol tg Ure
hand. except "UA. Playmaker".

You can only'Special Summon "UA
Playmaker" once per turn thisWay. gp Haro
When another "U.A.“ monster you eas Bo ’ )
control declarés am attack’ You cangseae Damani _t t

have nis card lose. exactly BOO»
ATK, and if you do, your attaeking
manster gains BOO ATK


Frame 341: UA. Playmaker 2

ee 0 @ze00 ©2000
MWarriovetfect]

You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1
"U.A,” monster you contrel to the
hand, except "U.A. Playmaker",
You can only Special Summon “UA.
Playmaker® once per turn this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 800
ATK, and if you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK

Can Dismantl

Generate


Frame 342: ULA. Playmaker —- a

@5 @ ®ze00 ®2000
(Warrtor/entect]

You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1

"ULA," monster you control to the -
< hand, except "U.A. Playmaker". 1
You can only Special Summon "U.A. m+)

Playmaker® once per turn this way. jyo/0

When another "U.A." monster YoU. Diamante Bot
control declares an attack: You can = == —=BBRER
have this card lose exactly 600

ATK, and if you do, your attacking
manster gains 800 ATK.

Cm)


Frame 343: a) 501

yzis @se | 22
so 8 ones exe Ca)

(Warrlor/effect |
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1
"U.A." monster you control to the:
hand, except "U.A. Playmaker".

You can only Special Summon "U.A.
Playmaker" once per turn this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 800
ATK, and if you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK.

jvoio

&

i
t

vant +10

Generate 30


Frame 344: a) 501

zis @se | 22
so 8 ons eas CA)

(Warrlor/effect] |
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1
"U.A." monster you control to the:
hand, except "U.A. Playmaker".

You can only Special Summon "U.A.
Playmaker" once per turn this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 800
ATK, and if you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK.

jvoi0

&

Generate
ui ss

vant +10

30


Frame 345: a) 501

zis @ese | i 22
so 8 en exas Ch)

(Warrlor/effect] a
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1
"U.A." monster you control to the:
hand, except "U.A. Playmaker".

You can only Special Summon "U.A.
Playmaker" once per turn this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 800
ATK, and if you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK.

jvoi0

ca

Generate


Frame 346: a) 501

zis @se | i 22
UAPlaymaker
so 8 Ones exe CA)

(Warrlorfeftect]
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1
“U.A." monster you control to the:
hand, except "U.A. Playmaker".

You can only Special Summon "U.A.
Playmaker" once per turn this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 800
ATK, and if you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK.

jvoi0

a

Generate


Frame 347: a) 501

zis Gse | 22

U.A. Playmaker 2

#5 9 ®2e00 #2000

(Warrtorfeftect]
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1
“U.A." monster you control to the:
hand, except "U.A. Playmaker".

You can only Special Summon "U.A.
Playmaker" once per turn this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 800
ATK, and if you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK.

& jvoi0
Can Dismantle 1 )

a

Gonerate


Frame 348: a) 501

yz @ese | i ae

a5 8 ®2e00 #2000

(Warrorfeftect]

You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by retuming 1
"U.A." monster you control to the
hand, except "U.A. Playmaker".
You can only Special Summon "UA.
Playmaker" once per turn this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 800
ATK, and if you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK.

ry
t

Gonerate


Frame 349: as @ ®ze00 2000

Waniovette)
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by returning 1
"U.A," monster you control to the
qn except "U.A. Playmaker".

ou can only Special! Summon
Playmaker” once per tum this way.
When another "U.A." monster you
control declares an attack: You can
have this card lose exactly 600
ATK, and iF you do, your attacking
monster gains 800 ATK.

aD
c=”
(HR o4

& j/o/0

Can Dismantle 1

Generats =H) -30


Frame 350: ser eyzis «se

GR 22

Frame 351: Ack Lise Said” Scrat a) a

ee 0 O00 2500

(Warrioy/Ettogth Ps =] | { Avov ce on |
When this*card ls Normal ar Special —————-
Summoned. You cun laruel 1 of
yoordenished LIGHTyor DARK
monsters and 1 card your cpponent
controls; retuny that banised card
(6 the GY, and jf you do, banish & Teo
that Card your oppenent contrels.

You can onlyiise (iseifect of sep Lan Dismantie
“Black Luster Soldier — Sacred Ep
Saldig#” ance per tum

When this care destroys ar
opponent's.monstar by battles You -
can target 1 Leva 7 ar lower *

Reimar Cards)


Frame 352: Black Luster Soldier - Sacrat Soldier

ge 0 @3000 ®2500

Warrovetect]
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned, You can targel 1 of
your banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
controls; return that banished card
to the GY, and if you do, banish
that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of
"Black Luster Soldier — Sacred
Soldier" once per tum.

When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can target 1 Level 7 or lower

CH)


Frame 353: sa

@ze dese dh 22

Black Luster Soldier ~ Sacred Soldier)

@s a 3000 ®2500

(Wartor/ettect!
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1 of

your banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
controls; return that banished card

to the GY, and if you do, banish

that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of

"Black Luster Soldier — Sacred
Soldier" once per tur.

When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You

an target | Level 7 or lower

( a
= Ai ttow to obtain

1
2 ino
contiamanie 0 (EZ _)

‘i


Frame 354: a 501

zis @ese | f 22

Black Luster Soldier - Sacred Soldier

ae 8 ®snop 2500

Warrorfefect!
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1 of
your banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
controls; return that banished card
to the GY, and if you do, banish
that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of
"Black Luster Soldier — Sacred
Soldier" ance per turn.

When this card destrays an
opponent's monster by hattle: You
can target 1 Level 7 or lower

= —

CanDismantle 0


Frame 355: a) 501

zis @se | f ae

Black Luster Soldier ~ Sacred Soldier

ae 8 ®sno0 2500

Warrorfeftect!
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1 of
your banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
controls; return that banished card
to the GY, and if you do, banish
that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of
"Black Luster Soldier — Sacred
Soldier" ance per turn.

When this card destrays an
opponent's monster by hattle: You
can target 1 Level 7 or lower

& ino
Can Dismantie 0 (ES —

ante

Gunerate © -30


Frame 356: a) 501

zis Gese | f 22

Black Luster Soldier - Sacred Soldier

ae 8 ®sno0 2500

Warrorfeftect!

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1 of
your banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
controls; return that banished card
to the GY, and if you do, banish
that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of
"Black Luster Soldier — Sacred
Soldier" ance per turn.

When this card destrays an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can target 1 Level 7 or lower

—_—
CanDismantle 0 Lede

ante

'B Gunerate is


Frame 357: a5 @ ®3000 ®2500

Warnorfeftet]
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1 of
your banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
controls; return that banished card
to the GY, and if you do, banish
that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of
"Black Luster Soldier — Sacred
Soldier" ance per turn.

When this card destrays an
opponent's monster by hattle: You
can target 1 Level 7 or lower

& imo 0/0
—_—
CanDismantle 0 Leind

Cannot Dismantie

Gunerate © -30


Frame 358: ae @ ®3000 ®2500

Warrtorfeftect]
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1 of
your banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
controls; return that banished card
to the GY, and if you do, banish
that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of
"Black Luster Soldier — Sacred
Soldier" ance per turn.

When this card destrays an
opponent's monster by hattle: You
can target 1 Level 7 or lower

& imo 0/0
—_—
CanDismantle 0 Leied

Cannot Dismantie

Gunerate  -30


Frame 359: eso ®s000 ®2500
Warroreftet]

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 of
our banished LIGHT or DARK
monsters and 1 card your opponent
-ontvols; return that banished card
the GY, and if you do, banish
that card your opponent controls.
You can only use this effect of
“Black Luster Soldier - Sacred
Soldier" once per turn,
When this card destrays an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can target 1 Level 7 or lower

& jroo

(iow to obtain


Frame 360: ser epzis | se

GR 22

Frame 361: Blue-Eyes Alternative White Braga | We)

@c ¢€ ®3000 ©2500
[Dragan/Eftect] aS =
Cannot be Norma) Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(frommyour }rand) by revealing
“Blue-Eyes Whita Dragon" in your
fand<You can only Special —
Summon "Bive-Eyes Allerjative
White Dragon” once per turn ti\s
way =

This card's name becomes “Blue— 9) bal

Eyes White Dragon" dihile an the

Can Dismantie

field or in (he GY =

Once per turn: You can target
monster your appanen: controls)

3 Faro

Relates Cara}

By En pe)

7


Frame 362: Dla yen Apne Wit Bapon

ecg @3000 2500

(Dregowettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned

(from your hand) by revealing
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in your
hand, You can only Special

Summon "Biue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon" once per tum this

way

This card's name becomes "Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" while on the

field or in the GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1
monster your opponent contr

(Ai vow to obtain

GB Relates Cards
By ti

aD
caer)

Vv


Frame 363: 501

ze dese dh 22

Bhp Aterpsie  S

&e © @s000 2500

(Dragoneftect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by revealing
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon” in your
hand. You can only Special
Summon "Blue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon" once per turn this
way.

This card's name becomes "Blue-
Eyes White Dragon" while on the
field or in the GY.

Once per turn: You ean target 1
monster your opponent controls:

(Ai tiow to obtain

Bo +
La

Cannot Dismantie

aD
oS,

if
* ivoio

Can Dismantle 0

mg

nerate


Frame 364: a) 501

zis @ese | 22

Blue-Fyes Alternative White Dragan)

ea ®s000 ®2500
(Dragoneftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by revealing
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
hand. You can only Special

Summon "Blue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon” once per turn this
way.

This card's name becomes "Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" while on the

field or in the GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1
manster yaur opponent controls:

Related Cards


Frame 365: a) 501

zis ese 22

Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragan)

ea ®s000 2500
(Dragoneftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by revealing
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
hand. You can only Special

Summon "Blue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon” once per turn this
way.

This card's name becomes "Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" while on the

field or in the GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1
manster yaur opponent controls:

Related Cards


Frame 366: a) 501

yzis @ese f22

Blue-Fyes Alternative White Dragan)

ea ®s000 ®2500
(Dragoneftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by revealing
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
hand. You can only Special

Summon "Blue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon” once per turn this
way.

This card's name becomes "Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" while on the

field or in the GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1
manster yaur opponent controls:

Related Cards


Frame 367: (Dragon/Eftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by revealing
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in your
hand. You can only Special
Summon "Blue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon" once per turn this
way.

This card's name becomes "Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" while on the
field or in the GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1
manster yaur opponent controls

=

Cannot Dismantie

30

Generate

a
t


Frame 368: zis @ese | 22
Blue~Eyes Alternative White ==
ae © ®s000 @2500

(Dragon/effect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by revealing
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon” in your
hand. You can only Special
Summon "Blue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon” once per turn this
way.

This card's name becomes "Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" while on the
field or in the GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1
manster your opponent controls

& ino

Cannot Dismantie

Generate 30

ra


Frame 369: twee era ain

@5 © @sco0 62500
(Dragon/etectd
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must first be Special Summoned
(from your hand) by revealing
Biue—Eyes White Dragon” in your
and, You can only Special
iummon "Blue—Eyes Alternative
White Dragon” once per turn this
way.
This card's name becomes “Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" while on the
field or In the GY.
Once per turn: You ean target 1
monster your apponent contrals;

& ivo10
Candismantie 0 (ES!
eS Cannot Dismantic

Gunerate


Frame 370: ser eyzis | ae

GR 22

Frame 371: (sor eyzis «= se

GR 22

Frame 372: a i
7 |

en 8 @ea00 ©1m00
(Cyberse/efest]____
If this card is in your hand or GY:

You can banish 2 other Cyberse
monsters from your hand and/or
face-up from your field; Special
Summon this card. but its ATK

becomes halved. & Faro
You can only use this effect of (Bo oF
"Dual Assembwurm" once per turn, Can Dlsmantie 0

Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster on the field with ATK less
than or equal to this card's:


Frame 373: 501

ze dese dh 22

| Dual Assemburarm |

en 8 ®2e00 ©1000

(cybersevetect]
If this card is in your hand ar GY:
You can banish 2 other Cyberse
monsters from your hand and/or
face-up [rom your field; Special
Summon this card, but its ATK
becomes halved.

You can only use this effect of
"Dual Assembwurm'" once per turn,
Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster on the field with ATK less
than or equal to this card's.

2 2/0/0

== Cia
BS Cannot Diemantia

‘a! Generais = 1B) -30


Frame 374: (cyberse/ettect)
If this card is in your hand or GY:
You can banish 2 other Cyberse
monsters from your hand and/or
face-up [rom your field; Special
Summon this card, but its ATK
becomes halved.

You can only use this effect of
"Dual Assembwurm" once per tum.
Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster an the field with ATK less
than ar equal to this card's.

ry

(= )

2
& 2/0/0

CanDismantie 0 (EY -!

Cannot Dismantic

"Bl Generate ai
t


Frame 375: (cyberse/ettect)
\f this card is in your hand or GY:
You can banish 2 other Cyberse
monsters from your hand and/or
face-up [rom your field; Special
Summon this card, but its ATK
becomes halved.

You can only use this effect of
"Dual Assembwurm" once per tum.
Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster an the field with ATK less
than ar equal to this card's.

2
& 2/0/0
Can Dismantia 0

me

i
t

C »
By =!

Cannot Dismantic

Generate


Frame 376: a) 501

zis @ese | 22

Dual Assembwurm

a5 8 ®zeno ®1000

(cyberse/ettect!
\f this card is in your hand or GY:
You can banish 2 other Cyberse
monsters from your hand and/or
face-up [rom your field; Special
Summon this card, but its ATK
becomes halved.

You can only use this effect of
"Dual Assembwurm" once per tum.
Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster an the field with ATK less
than ar equal to this card's.

& 2/0/0
=

Cannot Dismantic

Generate ® -30

i
t


Frame 377: a) 501

zis @ese | f 22

Oita —T

a5 8 ®zenp ®1000

(cyberse/ettect!
\f this card is in your hand or GY:
You can banish 2 other Cyberse
monsters from your hand and/or
face-up [rom your field; Special
Summon this card, but its ATK
becomes halved.

You can only use this effect of
"Dual Assembwurm" once per tum,
Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster an the field with ATK less
than ar equal to this card's.

2
Bo +
Ez I

CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dismantic

Generate 30

i
t


Frame 378: a) 501

zis @ese | i a2

a5 8 ®zen0 1000

(Cyberse/Efect]
If this card is in your hand or GY:
You can banish 2 other Cyberse
monsters from your hand and/or
face-up from your field; Special
Summon this card, but its ATK
becomes halved.

You can only use this effect of
"Dual Assembwurm" once per tum,
Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster an the field with ATK less
than ar equal to this card's.

& 3/00
CanDismantle 0 “-
te Cannot Dismantie

12! Generate ® -30
t


Frame 379: |

@5 @ @ze00 ®1000

(Cyberse/Efect) ==
If this card is in your-hand or GY.
You can banish 2 other Cyberse
«nonsters from your hand and/or
jace-up from your field; Special

ummon this card, but its ATK
ecomes halved
You can only use this effect of
"Dual Assembwurm" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can banish 1
card from your hand; banish 1
monster on the field with ATK less
than or equal to this card's.

&

Can Dismantle


Frame 380: ser eyzis «ae

GR 22

Frame 381: <
Glemek Ooch, tic Saipan oS

@e w ®2es0 @zasn
[MachineEftecs), * _————— }
if this card js in your hand oF GY
(Quick Elfeet), Youcan banish &
cards fromthe (op ofiyour Deck

4 lace—down; Special Summon this
cardi

Yeu cen baflish 3 card:

u
s from yeur a ==

Ext¥a Deck face-dowh, then target + )
V face-up monster on tne field; Bani 1 | BY 7
destroy |t 7 2s q
You can only'use 1 "Gizmek ete Ay _Dismani ®-+10 _|

the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect
per turn, and only ance that turns


Frame 382: Gizmek Orachi, the ‘Serpentron Sky Slasher (8

@e e @2a50 ©2450

Wachine/Etteet
If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect): You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck
face-down; Special Summon this
card.

You can banish 3 cards from your
Extra Deck face—down, then taret

1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it
You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi,
the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect
per turn, and only once that turn.

a
B+
3 iio
= Cin
4 Dismantle §=— th +10
[| "PF Generate ie -30


Frame 383: 591

ze dese dh 22

Gizmek Orochi, the Serpentron Sky Slasher Hj)»

@5 @ S2as0 @2a50 |
[Machine/Effect] |
If this card is in your hand or GY

(Quick Effect); You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck

~

| Ai tiow to optain

is

face—down; Special Summon this 1

card, [ oe)
You can banish 3 cards from your iio

Extra Deck face-down, then target gy 71
1 face-up monster on the field; Gan/Diamaréte 1

destroy it

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, [{ “87 Dismantle @ +10

the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect

| per turn, and only once that turn. mG


Frame 384: ser epzis «se | 22

Ghinek Orochi, he Separtion SSM] 4 ’
ao @ @z4s0 62450
{Machine/efieet)____ NN

If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck

face-down; Special Summon this 1

You can banish 3 cards from your iio

fi

Extra Deck face-down, then target

1 face-up monster on the field; CanDismantia 1 ™

destroy it

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, {

the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn ry
i

i
1


Frame 385: sor epzis «se | a2

Glink Orochi, he Serpantion Sky Shan) = C ’
eo @ @z4s0 62450
{Machine /etieet) NNN

If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck

face-down; Special Summon this 1

i
You can banish 3 cards from your iio
1

Extra Deck face-down, then target

1 face-up monster on the field; Can Dikaratia 1

destroy it.

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, [ <8

the Serpentran Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn if "Gnas 0
" 30


Frame 386: ser epzis «se | ae

Glink Orochi, the Serpantion Sky Shan) = C ’
ao @ @z4s0 62450
(machine/etieet)

If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck

face-down; Special Summon this 1

You can banish 3 cards from your iio

fi

Extra Deck face-down, then target

1 face-up monster on the field; Canines 5 *

destroy it

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, [

the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn ry
i

i
1


Frame 387: a) 501

yz @ese | i 22

Gizmek Orochi, the Serpention Sky Slasher 3)

a5 @ @2asp 62450

(Machine/Effect]
If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck
face—down; Special Summon this
card,

You can banish 3 cards from your
Extra Deck face—down, then target
1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it.

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi,
the Serpentran Sky Slasher" effect
per turn, and only once that turn

:
& isto
<== (Cn.

-&  Dismanti

rl
t


Frame 388: Gizmek Orochi, the Serpention Sky Slasher

aoe @eas0 2450

Machins/etect)

lf this card is in your hand of GY

(Quick Effect); You can banish 8

cards from the top of your Deck

ace—dewn; Spacial Summon this
rd:

You can banish 3 cards from your

Extra Deck face-down, then target

1 face-up monster on the field;

destroy it

You can only use 1 “Gizmek Orochi,

the Serpantran Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn,

aa
CanDismanile 1

(  Gunarate

a0


Frame 389: ser eyzis | se

GR 22

Frame 390: Girmek Orochi, the Soxyentson Shp etaaiae eS ea
ee # ®2q50 ®zas0

IMachiqelEtisel, a a. = } (Al Hom to ovis J
W thls card is in\your hand or GY’ “- ff
(Quick Effect); You can banish &
cards fromthe ‘opetyour Deck
face—down; Special Summon this pe Br
card. t {me >

Yeu cn bahish 3 cards fromryeur a ti >

Extta Deck face-down, then largey== ]

V face-up monster on the Held; Givvimame {EP 9) y)

destroy it ul q
{BF _dicmantle eis |
the Serpentran Sky Slasher” effect ys

You can only‘use 1 "Gizmak Orch)
per turn. and only an¢e that turng - 4


Frame 391: @e 8 @2as0 ©2450

(Machine/Eftect|
If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish &
cards from the top of your Deck
face-down; Special Summon this
card.

You can banish 3 cards from your
Extra Deck face-down, then target
1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi,
the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect
per turn, and only once that turn.

aD
(drow to ontan

i?
3 iro

Can Dismantle 1

& iP 1s

Dismantie

~30


Frame 392: iss pzie «se i 22

®5 @ @2450 ®2450

(Machine/ettect)
If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect): You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck
face—down; Special Summon this
card.

Gizmek Orochi, the Serpentran Sky Slasher Hi) 9 =

Ai tiow to ovtain

You can banish 3 cards from your gy iio

Extra Deck face—down, then target
1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, | <#F
the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn. va

Can Dismantle

a
Bo +
ey -

antle = @ +15


Frame 393: a5 @ ®zas0 @2450

(Machine/étiect!
om

If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8

cards from the top of your Deck

face-down; Special Summon this 1

card. BO +
You can banish 3 cards from your
Extra Deck face-down, then target
1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, [ <7 Dismantie
the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn te Gy
Fi e


Frame 394: a5 @ ®zas0 ®2450

(Machine/étiect!
om

If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8

cards from the top of your Deck

face-down; Special Summon this 1

card. BO +1
You can banish 3 cards from your
Extra Deck face-down, then target
1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, [ <7 Dismantle
the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn i Gy
i! e


Frame 395: a5 @ ®2as0 ®2450

(Machine/ettect]
If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck
face—down; Special Summon this
card.

You can banish 3 cards from your aiso

Can Dismantle

Extra Deck face-down, then target
1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it.

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi, [ -@F — Dismantle

the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect

per turn, and only once that turn i Gy

o

1


Frame 396: @2a50 $2450

(achine/ettect]
If this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect); You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck
face—down; Special Summon this
card,

You can banish 3 cards from your
Extra Deck facedown, then target

1 face-up monster on the field;
destroy it.

You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi,
the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect
per turn, and only once that turn

oa

ik) +38

1
& ssiso

Can Dismantle

+1

4% Dismantic

© -30


Frame 397: tema Orochi, he Sexpert Sky Slahay

ao 8 @ea50 2450

Machineieteet)
IF this card is in your hand or GY
(Quick Effect). You can banish 8
cards from the top of your Deck
ace-down; Spacial Summon this
rd,
You can banish 3 cards from your
Extra Deck face-down, then target
1 face-up monster on the field,
destroy it
You can only use 1 "Gizmek Orochi,
the Serpentron Sky Slasher" effect
per tum, and only once that turn


Frame 398: ser eyzis «= se

GR 22

Frame 399: ser eyzis «se

GR 22

Frame 400: @e @2500 ©2500
(ragovettet]
Mf this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
“Polymerization” from your Deck to
your hand.

During your End Phase: You can

add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand

You can banish this card from your
GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
monsters yau contral gain 1000

ATK.

Yau can only use each effect of

CA)

:

Can Dismantie 0

| 7 Cannon Dis

{ Generale
’ eval


Frame 401: 501

ze dese dh 22

eee 2800 S2500

(Dragowettet]
If this card is Special Summoned:

You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
“Polymerization” from your Deck to
your hand

During your End Phase: You can

add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

You can banish this card from your
GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
mansters you control gain 1000

ATK. i
You can only use each effect of

Ch)
/


Frame 402: es © 2500 #2500

(Dragon/Ettect]
If this card is Special Summoned:

You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
"Polymerization" from your Deck to
your hand.

During your End Phase: You can

add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

You can banish this card from your
GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
monsters you cantrol gain 1000

ATK. ‘iar

You can only use each effect of


Frame 403: @ ~ @esoo 2500

(ragon/ettect]
If this card is Special Summoned:

You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
"Polymerization" from your Deck to
your hand.

During your End Phase: You can

add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

You can banish this card from your
GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
monsters you cantrol gain 1000

ATK. ‘iar

You can only use each effect of


Frame 404: @ ~ @asoo 2500

[Dragon/Etfect] SSC
If this card is Special Summoned:

You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
"Polymerization" from your Deck to
your hand.

During your End Phase: You can

add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

You can banish this card from your
GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
monsters you cantrol gain 1000

ATK. ‘iar

You can only use each effect of


Frame 405: es @ ®2s00 @2500

(ragon/ettect!
If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
"Polymerization" from your Deck to
your hand.

During your End Phase: You can
add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

You can banish this card from your
GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
monsters you cantrol gain 1000
ATK.

You can only use each effect of

(A How to obtain

(Cireited cae) Cards

=

(me «1 ) +1

& inn
CanDismantie 0 = }


Frame 406: en @ ®2s00 @2500

(ragon/ettect]
If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
"Polymerization" from your Deck to
your hand.

During your End Phase: You can
add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

You can banish this card from your
GY; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
monsters you cantrol gain 1000
ATK.

You can only use each effect of

(A How to obtain

(Created cae) Cards

BS (me + )

& inn
CanDismantie 0 = }

Cannot Dismantie

30


Frame 407: a) 501

zis ese iz

aa eg ®2s00 @2500

(ragon/etect]
If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
“Polymerization” from your Deck to
your hand.

During your End Phase: You can
add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

You can banish this card from your
Gy; all Level 8 or higher Dragon
monsters you control gain 1000
ATK.

You can only use each effect of

Cannot Dismantie

‘ta
t

Generate 30


Frame 408: @5 © @2s00 $2500
Wrasonfeftect]
IF this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 Ritual Spell or 1
"Polymerization" from your Deck to
our hand
uring your End Phase: You can
add 1 Level 8 or higher Dragon
monster from your Deck to your
hand,
You can banish this card from your
GY; all Leve| 8 or higher Dragon
monsters you control gain 1000
ATK.
You can only use each effect of

Cannot Dismantie

Gsnerate

30


Frame 409: (sor eyzis «se

GR 22

Frame 410: ——c oa |

@e ¢ 3000 ®o
[Dragon Etfoeth = —
Other cards you goptrol cannot be
destroyer’ by your eppenent’s card
eflects,

You car) only use each of the
{allowing efizets of "Blue—Eyes Jat
Dagan" once per tun, and €an

only acilvate them while "Biue-eyes

Whit Dragen” is on your tfel¢eor ine

your GY » lew
Ifa card(s) of the field is destrayed —
py bette or card effect: You can

Special Siimmen this card fram the:
GY (if was thore when the card


Frame 411: ee & @s000 0
(Dragowvetfect]

Other cards you control cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Biue-Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue-Eyes
White Dragon" is on your field or in
your GY.

If 2 card(s) on the field Is destroyed
hy battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

(Aa ow to onian

Generale


Frame 412: 501

@ze dese dh 22

Blue~Eyes Jet Dragon |

5 6 3000 0

(Dragewertect]
Other cards you contral cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Blue-Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue—Eyes
White Dragon" is on your field or in
your GY.

If a card(s) on the field |s destroyed
by battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

jelated Cards

Can Dismantle

Cannot Dismantie

‘Go,


Frame 413: zis @ese | f 22

Blue-Eyes Jet Dragon

aoe ®s000 @o

(Dragonettect] A How t0 obtain

Other cards you control cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Blue-Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue—Eyes
White Dragon" is on your field or in
your GY,

Ifa card(s) on the field is destroyed
by battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

& jso0

CanDismantie 0


Frame 414: zis @ese | f 22
ane ®s000 ®o
(Dragowettect] ( dA How to obtain

Other cards you control cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Blue—Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue—Eyes
White Dragon" is on your field or in
your GY,

Ifa card(s) on the field is destroyed
by battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

:
& jsao
a

CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dismant!


Frame 415: zis ese | 22
ane ®s000 #0
(Dragowettect] ( dA How to obtain

Other cards you control cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Blue—Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue—Eyes
White Dragon" is on your field or in
your GY,

Ifa card(s) on the field is destroyed
by battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

:
& jsao
a

CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 416: |

Other cards you contro! cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Blue-Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue—Eyes
White Dragon" is on your field or in
your GY,

Ifa card(s) on the field is destroyed
by battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

Related Cards

re Cannot Dismant!

Generale = -30
Wg r 3


Frame 417: zis Gese | f 22

Blue-Eyes Jet Dragon

aoe ®s000 #0

(Dragowetteet] al How t0 obtain

Other cards you control cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Blue—Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue—Eyes
White Dragon" is on your field or in
your GY,

Ifa card(s) on the field is destroyed
by battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

:
& jso1o
Can Dismantie 0 +)
not Dismantt


Frame 418: Blue-Eyes Jet Dragan |

@a @®3000 60
(Dragon/etect]
Other cards you control cannot be
destroyed by your opponent's card
effects,
q: can only use each of the
lowing effects of "Blue—Eyes Jet
Dragon" once per turn, and can
only activate them while "Blue-Eyes
White Dragon” is on your field ar in
your GY.
IF a card(s) on the field |s destroyed
by battle or card effect: You can
Special Summon this card from the
GY (if it was there when the card

a
‘Cannot Dismant|

Gunerate


Frame 419: ser eyzis «se

GR 22

Frame 420: <
5 Suglal suite =U.

@e a *2800 ©2500 |
(MachiqesEttect 0g

(This card is always treated asa!
“Sky Suiker" card.)

< Wyou-contrala "Sky Suikel Ace"

monster, you can Special Summort
this.card (rom your Rand) to either =

a field by Tributing 1 monster fram rs ia
that Held, (= cli wy)
Dismantie 1 y

You can only Special Summon
“Surgical Striker — HA M.P. "once
per tum this way
When this card Is destroyed by

t battie: You can target 1 card your 2) Goo r
Oppenent controls; destroy tt . —_


Frame 421: eee @2500 ©2500
(Machine/Ettectl

(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Stiiker” card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace"
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that figid

You can only Special Summan
“Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destroyed by
battle: You can target 1 eard your
opponent controls; destroy it.

Ca)

Generate i ~30


Frame 422: ser zis se ae

Surgical Striker ~HAMP

ea @

IMachine/ENect)
(This card is always treated as a

“Sky Suiker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace”
monster, you can Special Summon,
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from

that field

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destroyed by

battle: You can target 1 card your ‘a1
opponent controls; destroy it. =


Frame 423: a) 501

zis ese faz

Surgical Strker-HAM.P —
a5 @ @2s500 $2500 C A_)
(AA How to obtain

(Machins/ettect]
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Stiker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace”
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per tum this way

When this card is destroyed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent controls; destroy it.

1
& jvoio

CanDismantie 1

“85 Dismantie


Frame 424: a) 501

zis @ese | f 22

Surgical Strker-HAM.P —
eo @ @®2500 2500 C A_)
(AA How to obtain

(Machine/ettect]
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Stiker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace"
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destrayed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent controls; destroy it.

1
& jvoio

CanDismantie 1

“8 Dismantie


Frame 425: a) 501

yzis Gese | 22
Surgical Strker-HAM.P —
eo @ ®2s00 $2500 CA)
A How to Obtain

(Machine/ettect]
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Stiker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace"
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destrayed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent controls; destroy it.

1
& jvoio

CanDismantie 1

“8 Dismantie


Frame 426: a) 501

zis @ese | f 22
Surgical Strker-HAM.P BL —
eo @ ®2s500 $2500 CA)
Al How to Obtain

(Machins/ettect]
(This card |s always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace”
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destroyed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent contrals; destroy It.

1
& jvoio

CanDismantie 1

“85 Dismantie


Frame 427: a) 501

zis se iz
Surgical Strker-HAM.P —
eo @ ®2s500 $2500 CA)
Al How to Obtain

(Machine/ettect]
(This card |s always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace”
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destroyed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent contrals; destroy It.

1
& jvoio

CanDismantie 1

“8S Dismantie


Frame 428: a) 501

ze ae ——-

Surgical Strker-HAMP

@5 @
[Machine/effect]

(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace"
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once

per turn this way.

When this card is destroyed by

battle: You can target 1 card your

opponent controls; destroy it.

®zs00 #2500

(me «1 ) +1
& ino
ey
Can Dismantle me


Frame 429: a) 501

ze se —-

Surgical Strker-HAMP

eo @ 2500 $2500
[Machine/effect]

(This card |s always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card,)

IF you control a "Sky Striker Ace"
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destroyed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent controls; destroy It.

& inno ==
Can Dismantle


Frame 430: a) 501

ze se ——-

Surgical Strker-HAMP

eo @ 2500 $2500
[Machine/eftect]

(This card |s always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card,)

IF you control a "Sky Striker Ace"
monster, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Special Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destroyed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent controls; destroy It.

& ino =D
Can Dismantle


Frame 431: a) 501

zis @se | 22

ingialsvte WAM)

eo @ ®2s00 $2500

(Machine/ettect]
(This card is always treated as a
“Sky Striker" card.)

If you control a "Sky Striker Ace"
monster, you can Special Summon.
this card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field.

You can only Specia) Summon
"Surgical Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per turn this way.

When this card is destrayed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent controls; destroy It.


Frame 432: (This card is always treated as a
“Sky Striker” card,}
f you control a "Sky Striker Ace”
onster, you can Special Summon
is card (from your hand) to either
field by Tributing 1 monster from
that field,
You can only Special Summon
“Surgica| Striker — H.A.M.P." once
per tum this way.
When this card Is destrayed by
battle: You can target 1 card your
opponent controls; destroy it.

& ioro

cmabismete 4 (EP 1)

4 dismantle «= @® 410
Gensrale 30


Frame 433: sor eyzis «se

GR 22

Frame 434: ser eyzis «ae

GR 22

Frame 435: Doodle Beast-Tyanna BE

ee ®2a00 ®1200
Wwnosaur/etoct)
You can Tribute Summon this card
by Tribuling 1 Dinosaur monster.
During the Main Phase, if a
Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately
after this effect resolves, Tribute
Summon this card trom your hand.
You can only use this effect of
“Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destray 1 monster on the
field, then, If this card was Tribute

Ca)

& toro

Can Bismantie 1

A Dismantie

1 Gensrale


Frame 436: 501

@pze dese dh 22

Doodle Best Trae ES)

@o¢ ®za00 S1z00
[Dinosaur/étfect]
You can Tribute Summon this card

by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.
During the Main Phase, if a

Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately

Ca)
=

B+

aiter this effect resolves, Tribute z iva

Summon this card trom your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per

ConBlamantie 1 (EY -! )

turn 4S Dismantle = @® +10

If this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster an the ‘ca
fleld, then, if this card was Tribute


Frame 437: zis @ese | i 22
Season
ese ®zann 1200

You can Tribute Summon this card
by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.
During the Main Phase, if a
Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately
aiter this effect resolves, Tribute
Summon this card trom your hand:
You can only use this effect of
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn

If this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster on the
field, then, If thls card was Tribute

& ivoro

Can Dismantle


Frame 438: You can Tribute Summon this card
by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.
During the Main Phase, if a
Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately
aiter this effect resolves, Tribute
Summon this card trom your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn

If this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster on the
field, then, If thls card was Tribute

& ivoro

Can Dismantle

mB


Frame 439: @pe ®zann $1200

(Dinosaur/Eftect] ee
You can Tribute Summon this card
by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.
During the Main Phase, if a
Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately
aiter this effect resolves, Tribute
Summon this card trom your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn

If this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster on the
field, then, if thls card was Tribute

& ivoro

Can Dismantle

mB 1


Frame 440: @ae ®zann $1200

(Dinosaur/Eftect] = ee
You can Tribute Summon this card
by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.
During the Main Phase, if a
Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately
aiter this effect resolves, Tribute
Summon this card trom your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn

If this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster on the
field, then, If thls card was Tribute

f
& jvoro

Can Dismantle


Frame 441: a) 501

ze se —+* 22
Doodle Beast-Tyranno
eee ®2ann 1200

(Dinosaureneet]
You can Tribute Summon this card
by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.
During the Main Phase, if a
Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately
aiter this effect resolves, Tribute
Summon this card trom your hand.
You can only use this effect ot
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn

if this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster on the
field, then, If thls card was Tribute

How to Obtain

v=

& __iyono
Can Dismantle eu —

nerate P -30


Frame 442: sor epzis «ese | ae
——— a peed
|G

ene ®zan0 61200

(Dinosaur/Effect]
You can Tribute Summon this card

by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.

< During the Main Phase, if a

Dinosaur monster is on the field,
you can (Quick Effect): Immediately
aiter this effect resolves, Tribute & joo
Summon this card from your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn.

if this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster on the ii Generale
field, then, If this card was Tribute

Can Dismantle


Frame 443: Doodle Beast ~ Tyranno el

@5 6 @zan0 $1200
(Winosau/emecd

You can Tribute Summen this card
by Tributing 1 Dinosaur monster.
ring the Main Phase, if a
APinosaur monster is on the field,
ou can (Quick Effect); Immediately
aiter this effect resolves, Tribute
Summon this card from your hand
You can only use this effect of
"Doodle Beast — Tyranno" once per
turn,
If this card is Normal Summoned:
You can destroy 1 monster on the
field, then, if thls card was Tribute

How to Obtain
o

&

i/o/0

Ca
CanDismane 1 (ES tL

\ Gonsrate % -30


Frame 444: sor eyzis «ae

GR 22

Frame 445: <
n Orphabull the Harman|guis Bulfiftiter Bate

ee w 3000 G24
WRgnakWarigr(tfectl = {
Cannol be Normal Supmoned/Sel:
Must be Speeia| Summoned (from
your handi by banjghins 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters irom your

| hand and/or GY, except this card.

HW Summoned this way, this care
gains 1000-AIK tar each monster
vanished fom your Rand for its
Summon, and ean allack momsters Bi
| number of times each! Bartle Phase.

up te the number of monsters
banished tram the GY tor its.
summan a


Frame 446: Orphebull the Harmonious Bullfigh

ecw ®3000 @2a00

[Beast-Warrlar/Etfect)

Cannot be Normal Summaned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters from your
hand and/or GY, except this card.
It Summoned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK for each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
hanished from the GY for its
Summon.

CA)

a

& Vora
CanDismantie 1 (E21 )
4% Dismantle = +10


Frame 447: 591

ze dese dh 22

Orphebull the Harmonious Bullighter Bard $E)

es w @s000 S200

(Beast-Warrior/Efea
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your
hand and/or GY, except this card.

If Summoned this way, this card 3 ivovo

gains 1000 ATK tor each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase [Ar
up to the number of monsters

banished from the GY far its a3
Summon. 7

Can Dis


Frame 448: a) 501

zis | @ese 22

ioheal he Herniou Baliga BS

ao w ®so00 #2400

(Beast-Warrlor/effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters [rom your
hand and/or GY, except this card.
\f Summaned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK tor each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
banished fram the GY for its
Summon.

a:
| ( aM How to obtain

io

_ih

& ipo
CanDismantle 1

WH Generale


Frame 449: ao w ®so00 #2400

(Beast-Warrlor/Effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters [rom your
hand and/or GY, except this card.
\f Summaned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK tor each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
banished fram the GY for its
Summon.

& jva1o

Can Dismantle


Frame 450: ®so00 $2400

(Beast-Warrlor/effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters [rom your
hand and/or GY, except this card.
\f Summaned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK tor each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
banished fram the GY for its
Summon.

(i How to obtain
a

& jva1o

Can Dismantle =a )

a
t

—Hi,

Generate


Frame 451: ®so00 $2400

(Beast-Warrlor/Effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters [rom your
hand and/or GY, except this card.
\f Summaned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK tor each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
banished fram the GY for its
Summon.

(i How to obtain
a

& jvaro

Can Dismantie et )

a
t

—H,

Gunerate


Frame 452: ®so00 $2400

(Beast-Warrlor/Effect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters [rom your
hand and/or GY, except this card.
\f Summaned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK tor each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
banished fram the GY for its
Summon.

(A How to obtain
a

& jvaro

Can Dismantie ne )

ra
t

=

Gunerate


Frame 453: a) 501

zis ese | 22

ao w ®s000 #2400

(Beast-Warrlor/eftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your

hand and/or GY, except this card.

If Summoned this way, this card 2 isoio

gains 1000 ATK for each monster

banished from your hand for its Can Dismantle:

Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase [fr
up to the number of monsters

banished fram the GY for its

ry
Summon. u

Dismant

30


Frame 454: a) 501

@yzis ese 22

ao w ®s000 #2400

(Beast-Warrjor/effect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your

hand and/or GY, except this card.

If Summoned this way, this card 2 isoio

gains 1000 ATK for each monster

banished from your hand for its Can Dismantle:

Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase (fr
up to the number of monsters

banished fram the GY for its

ra
Summon. u

Dismant

30


Frame 455: a) 501

(Byte GR 22

ao w ®s000 #2400

(Beast-Warrjoreftet]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your

hand and/or GY, except this card.

If Summoned this way, this card 2 isoio

gains 1000 ATK for each monster

banished from your hand for its Can Dismantle:

Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase (fr
up to the number of monsters

banished from the GY for its

ra
Summon. u

Dismant


Frame 456: a) 501

zis @ese | f 22

ao w ®s000 #2400

tBeaet-Warrareiteet] NN

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
and 2 DARK monsters from your
hand and/or GY, except this card,
If Summoned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK for each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
banished fram the GY for its
Summon.


Frame 457: a) 501

(By 2ie GR 22

ao w ®s000 #2400

(Beast-Warrjor/eftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your
hand and/or GY, except this card.

Ch)
|

a

1

If Summoned this way, this card 2 isoio

gains 1000 ATK for each monster

banished from your hand for its Can Dismantle:

Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase (fr
up to the number of monsters

banished fram the GY for its

ry
Summon. u

Dismant


Frame 458: a) 501

(By 2ie GR 22

ao w ®s000 @2400

(Beast-Warrjor/eftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your
hand and/or GY, except this card.

Ch)
|

a

1

If Summoned this way, this card 2 isoio

gains 1000 ATK for each monster

banished from your hand for its Can Dismantle:

Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase (Sr
up to the number of monsters

banished fram the GY for its

ry
Summon. u

Dismant


Frame 459: a) 501

zis se 22

ao w ®s000 #2400

(Beast-Warrlor/eftect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your

hand and/or GY, except this card.

Ch)
|

a

1

If Summoned this way, this card 2 isoio

gains 1000 ATK for each monster

banished from your hand for its Can Dismantle:

Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase (fr
up to the number of monsters

banished fram the GY for its

ry
Summon. u

Dismant

General = -30


Frame 460: a) 501

(By 2ie GR 22

ao w ®s000 #2400

(Beast-Warrlor/eftet]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT

and 2 DARK monsters from your
hand and/or GY, except this card.

gains 1000 ATK for each monster

Ch)
|

Car
1
If Summoned this way, this card 2 iyoio
EQ a I

banished from your hand for its Can Dismantle:

Summon, and can attack monsters a

banished fram the GY for its

number of times each Battle Phase 4° —_Dismant +0
4
up to the number of monsters

ry
Summon. u


Frame 461: Orphebull the Harmonious Bullighter Bard ©)

as w @sn00 S200

(Boast-Warrlov/EMest)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summaned (from
your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT
«: 2 DARK monsters from your
and and/or GY, except this card.
i Summoned this way, this card
gains 1000 ATK for each monster
banished from your hand for its
Summon, and can attack monsters a
number of times each Battle Phase
up to the number of monsters
banished fram the GY for its
Summon.

Ca)


Frame 462: ser eyzis «se

GR 22

Frame 463: ser eyzis «= se

GR 22

Frame 464: Tome gn tf ie

@7 « @2a00 ©2200
i ccc
You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster lo the GY; add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can banish a lotal of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY: Special Summon
Ihis card from your hand or GY.
During your opponent's End Phase

Hf you contral this Special

Summoned card: Return it tq the
hand

WW this card Is banished: You can

C A)

(AB biew to opiain

(Caran care)

& taro

Can Dismantie 1

Cz


Frame 465: 501

ze dese dh 22

Tenpest, Dragon Fule/af Sasa]

ee @2a00 G2200

(ragon/ettet}
You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to the GY; add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hanid

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card fram your hand or GY.
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it ta the
hand.

If this card Is banished: You can

vale 30


Frame 466: a) 501

yzis  Gese | f 22
ea ®2an0 2200 CA)
(Dragon/etteet}

You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to lhe GY: add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it to the
hand.

if this card is banished: You can

1
& iyo
g -1
Can Diamante 4 (FY ?


Frame 467: a) 501

zis se 22

jevont, as le

eo @ ®2ano #2200

(Dragawettect}
You can discard this card and 4
WIND monster to the GY. add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY.
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it to the
hand.

if this card is banished: You can


Frame 468: a) 501

zis ese iz

Tempest, Dagon ule of Slama

eo @ ®2an0 2200

(Dragawettect],
You can discard this card and 4
WIND monster to the GY. add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY.
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it to the
hand.

if this card is banished: You can


Frame 469: a) 501

zis ese 22

Tonnes agen Rls ofS Sea

e7 ®za00 $2200

(Dragon/etfect] |
You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to the GY: add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hand

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY.
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it to the
hand.

if this card is banished: You can

& jsoi0

Can Dismantle

a:
| (How 1 optan

Dismant


Frame 470: a) 501

zis @ese | f 22

Tal a a»
a7 e ®2ano #2200

(Dragon/eteei) | (icrwonn)

You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to the GY; add 1 (Cretata cara)
Dyas foe far four ee (Gmunacua)
your hand 1
You can banish a total of 2 WIND

and/or Dragon monsters from your isin

hand and/or GY; Special Summon

this card from your hand or GY. enitiemenin Tt
During your opponent's End Phase,

if you control this Special -®  Dismantie
Summoned card: Return it to the

hand. at
if this card is banished: You can .


Frame 471: a) 501

yzis se i 22

Tonnes! Dragon hue a»

a7 e ®2ano $2200

(Dragon/étfect! | (cl How to obtain

You can discard this card and 1

WIND monster to the GY; add 1 (Cretatea cara)
Dyas foe far four aes (Gmmnacuay)
your hand 1

You can banish a total of 2 WIND

and/or Dragon monsters from your

& join
hand and/or GY; Special Summon ( 4
Can Dismantie

this card from your hand or GY es
During your opponent's End Phase,

if you control this Special -®  Dismantie +10
Summoned card; Return it to the

Generate 30

hand. at
if this card is banished: You can .


Frame 472: a) 501

yz @ese | f 22

Tonnes! Drager Ruler of SS]

a7 e ®2an0 $2200

(Dragon/etfect] a |
You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to the GY; add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hand

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY.
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it to the
hand.

if this card Is banished: You can

& jsoi0

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantie

rt
t

o>
| ( Mi tow to obtain

ate © -30


Frame 473: a) 501

zis Gese | i 22
Tenet ne Rs a
a7 ®zan0 $2200
(Dragonettect!

You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to the GY; add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
your hand,

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it ta the
hand.

if this card Is banished: You can

|

ca

& jn
Can Dismantle 1


Frame 474: a) 501

zis @ese | i a2

Ses

a7 @ ®2an0 ®2200

(Dragon/etect]
You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to the GY; add 1
Dracon monster from your Deck to
your hand,

You can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monsters from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you contro! this Special
Summoned card: Return it to the
hand.

if this card |s banished: You can

1

& jroo

Can Dismantle il ]
-30

ra

Generate


Frame 475: Tampest, Dragon Ruler of Storms

a7 «@ ®zan0 2200

(ragweed
You can discard this card and 1
WIND monster to the GY; add 1
Dragon monster from your Deck to
our hand

‘ou can banish a total of 2 WIND
and/or Dragon monstets from your
hand and/or GY; Special Summon
this card from your hand or GY.
During your opponent's End Phase,
if you control this Special
Summoned card: Return it to the
hand.

if this card Is banished: You can

&

Can Dismantle 1

30


Frame 476: sor eyzis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 477: ser eyzis «ae

GR 22

Frame 478: Palladium Oracle Mahad
on 2500 ©2100

Ispelleastev/EMect]
When you draw this card: You can
reveal this card; Special Summen it
from your hand.

If this card battles a DARK monster,
its ATK is doubled during the
Damage Step only.

It this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Dark Magician” from
your hand, Deck. or GY.


Frame 479: e7 2 @2500 62100
{Spellcaster/Etfect)
When you draw this card: You can
reveal this card; Special Summon it
from your hand,

If this card battles a DARK monster,
its ATK is doubled during the
Damage Step only.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from

your hand, Deck, or GY.


Frame 480: a) 501

zis ese 22

Palnum Grote ahad

a7 9 ®2s00 #2100

{Spellcasteretect)
When you draw this card: You can
reveal this card; Special Summon it
from your han

If this card battles a DARK monster,
its ATK is doubled during the
Damage Step only.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 “Dark Magician" from
your hand, Deck, or GY

>
ao

& jsoio

Can Dismantle

Gd

Br
t

Generate


Frame 481: a) 501

zis se 22

Palladium Oracle Mahad

a7 9 ®2s00 #2100

{Spellcaster/etect)
When you draw this card: You can
reveal this card; Special Summon it
from your han

If this card battles a DARK monster,
its ATK is doubled during the
Damage Step only.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 “Dark Magician" from
your hand, Deck, or GY

= =D
i=

& jroo

Can Dismantle

&

Br
t

Generate


Frame 482: a) 501

zis ese 22

Palaum Gracia shad

a7 9 ®2s00 #2100

{Spollcaster/Ettect] — |
When you draw this card: You can
reveal this card; Special Summon it
from your hand.

If this card battles a DARK monster,
its ATK is doubled during the
Damage Step only.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 “Dark Magician" from
your hand, Deck, or GY

|
& jroo
Can Diamante — )
ay antle +10

Br
t

Generate 30


Frame 483: ®zs00 $2100

{Spelleaster/etect)
When you draw this card: You can
reveal this card; Special Summon it
from your hand.

If this card battles a DARK monster,
its ATK is doubled during the
Damage Step only.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 “Dark Magician" from
your hand, Deck, or GY

How to Obtain

]

Can Dismantle

Sy  Dismantle

Generate

Br
t


Frame 484: When you draw this card: You can

reveal this card; Special Summon it

rom your hand.

A this card batlles a DARK monster,
ATK is doubled during the

Damage Step only.

card elfect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from
your hand Deck, or GY.

& iso/o
\F this card |s destroyed by battle Or CL iemantia 4

ante

[PF Ganarate


Frame 485: sor eyzis «se

GR 22

Frame 486: R Chunnicle Magician Pee

on 2300 ©2s00
{Spolleastor/Efiect} a I° —
Ifa manstpe(s) with 2800 original
ATK or DEF fS Norigal or Special
Summenee)tomaunfield (except
during the Damage Step); You cant
q Special Summon this ¢ard from your
hand Ip Defense Position.
thls care s)SpecialiSummoried;
Vou can target | "Oath Magician” op
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in your
| Monsté; Zane; it gains 2509 fat <ationg
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn =
Yau ean only use each effect of
“Chronicle Magician" once pet tim,


Frame 487: Chronicle Magician CA)

@7 9 2500 ®2500

(Spelleaster/Ettect] (Airow to ontan
Ia monster(s) with 2500 original

ATK or DEF is Normal or Special
Summoned to your field (except

during the Damage Step): You can

Special Summon this card from your Bo +4
hand in Defense Position. Py oa

If this card is Special Summoned: (ee

You can target 1 "Dark Magician" or CamDismantie 0 (°™
“Blue—Eyes White Dragon” in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500 {
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.

You can only use each effect of "P Generate
“Chronicle Magician” ance per turn. i! =

Cannot


Frame 488: cot eS eC

Chronicle Magician 8)

e7 2 25800 62500

(Spoltcaster/eftect]
| Ifa monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK or DEF is Normal or Special
Summoned to your field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position
If this card is Special Summoned
You can target 1 "Dark Magician” or
*Blue—Eyes White Dragon" In your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.
You can only use each effect of
"Chronicle Magician” once per turn.

( »
=

Lal

& 2/0/0

Can Dismantie 0

| ® —30


Frame 489: a) 501

yzis Gese | i 22

ena ©2500 @2500
Spellcaster/Enect]
if a monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK or DEF is Normal or Special
Summoned to your field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 "Dark Magician” or
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn
You can only use each effect of
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 490: a) 501

zis ese 22

Chronicle Magician ee |

ena ©2500 @2500
(Spellcaster/Etect]
if a monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK or DEF is Normal or Special
Summoned to your field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 "Dark Magician” or
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn
You can only use each effect of
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 491: a) 501

zis ese 22

ea ©2500 @2500
(Spellcaster/Etect)
if a monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK or DEF is Normal or Special
Summoned to your field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 "Dark Magician” or
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn
You can only use each effect of
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 492: a) 501

zis ese 22

Chronicle Magician ee]

a7 9 ®2s00 ®2500

(Spelicaster/Enect)
If a monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK or DEF is Normal or Special
Summoned to your field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position

if this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 "Dark Magician" or
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn
You can only use each effect of
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 493: a) 501

zis ese 22

Chronicle Magician ee

a7 9 2500 2500

(Spellcaster/Enect)
if a monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK or DEF is Normal or Special
Summoned to your field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position

if this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 "Dark Magician" or
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.
You can only use each effect of
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 494: a) 591

zis se | fae

Chronicle Magician = = Cn)

a7 2 ®2s00 ®2500

{Spolicasterfefect]___ NNN

\f a monster(s) with 2500 original

ATK or DEF is Normal or Special | (Gmnmecwe)
Summoned to your field (except puiaan hia)
during the Damage Step); You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

if this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 "Dark Magician" or
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.
You can only use each effect of = .
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn. v i =


Frame 495: a) 591

2s ese faz

ae —  — aD
a7 2 e500 #2500
tSpolieaste/etea

\f a monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK or DEF is Normal or Special | (Gmmmecwe)
Summoned to your field (except auiaan Lic)
during the Damage Step); You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

if this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 "Dark Magician" or
"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.
You can only use each effect of Ge
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn. v


Frame 496: Chronicle Magician 7 |

a7 0 @es00 G2500
(Spellcaster/Emecth
|Fa monster(s) with 2500 original
ATK of DEF is Normal or Special
ummoned to your field (except

luring the Damage Step); You can

ipecial Summon this.card from your

and in Defense Position. &
If this card is Special Summoned:

You can target 1 "Dark Magician” or CanDismantle 0

"Blue—Eyes White Dragon" in your
Monster Zone; it gains 2500
ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.
You can only use each effect of
"Chronicle Magician" once per turn.

2/0/0

eo


Frame 497: ser ey2is | se

GR 22

Frame 498: *7 S2q00 @2a00
(Psyenis/Ettecx] Pn — |
W you control no monsters. you dar
Special Summer this eard (ipom
=a vera rer "
& You car) only use each of the ¢ ed
| following effects of °Kashtisa Fenrir™ (B+
a ofige per turn, “& too
During yaur Main Phase: You can i is B27 J
adi Hearitire OmmbasterromTiyou ofan temas 0 “f
Deck, to your hand.
When this card declares an attack: (ae Dismantle GB) +10
or if yaur opponent activates a
monster affect (except disring/ the:
Damage Step): Yall can target T


Frame 499: Kashtica Fenrir |

ee @2a00 ®2a00

[Psyehicfetfect]
It you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from

your hand).

You can only use each of the

Iallowing effects of "Kashtira Fenrir™
‘once per turn. 2 iioro

1
During your Main Phase: You can = HB -1

add 1 "Kashtira" monster from your ‘= Diamante _t | _
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack, (4 _Dismantle 10

or if your opponent activates a

monster affect (except during the i]
Damage Step); You can target 1

aD
(Atomic oan

Generale ® -20


Frame 500: 501

ze dese dh 22

e7 # ®za00 S200

[Peyenicieftect
If you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hard).

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kashtira Fenrir"
once per turn

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira" monster from your
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack,
or if your opponent activates a
monster effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1


Frame 501: a) 591

2s Gse | i 22
ee GD
a7 ® ®2a00 ®2e00

(Psychic/Effect] =———- |
IF you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand),

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Kashtira Fenrir"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira" monster from your
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack,
or if your opponent activates a
monster effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1


Frame 502: a) 501

2s se fz
Cx oe” GD
a7 ® ®2a00 @2e00

(rsychiciettect]
IF you control na monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand),

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kashtira Fenrir"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira’ monster from your
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack,
or if your apponent activates a
monster effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1


Frame 503: a) 501

2s ese fae
Kole ie 7 GD
a7 ® ®2a00 ®2000

(Psychicietfect]
IF you control na monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand),

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kashtira Fenrir"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira’ monster from your
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack,
or if your apponent activates a
monster effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1


Frame 504: a) 591

2s = Gese | ie
ee GD
a7 ® ®2a00 ®2e00

(esychicietfect]
IF you control na monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand),

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kashtira Fenrir"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira’ monster from your
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack,
or if your apponent activates a
monster effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1


Frame 505: a) 591

2s se fae
ee GD
a7 ® ®2a00 ®2e00

(esychicietfect]
IF you control na monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (irom
your hand),

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kashtira Fenrir"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira’ monster from your
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack,
or if your apponent activates a
monster effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1


Frame 506: a) 501

2s Gese | i 22

a7 ® ®2a00 @2400

[Psychic/Effect] EE
IF you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand),

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Kashtira Fenrir"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira" monster from your
Deck to your hand.

When this card declares an attack,
or if your opponent activates a
monster effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

1
en! es)
gy -1

& jsoio

Can Dismantle
“Bl Generate -30


Frame 507: Kashtira Fenris ee!
e7 # @zan0 Gean0
(PoychiciEtfect]

IF you control ne monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (irom

jour hand).
& can only use each of the

following effacts of "Kashtira Fenrir”
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Kashtira" monster from your
Deck to your hand

When this card declares an attack,
or if your opponent activates a
monster effect (excapt during the
Damage Step): You can target 1


Frame 508: ser ey2is | se

GR 22

Frame 509: oO *2000 @s00
(Wiarriay Effect), = —
you control no monsters, you van
Special Suman this card (from
eof
You can only use each of the
igliowing effects of “Supe, Quantum
Red Layer” once per tum: &
@When this card | Norval on
Special Summoned: You can target,

1
1 "Super Quant" card in your GY; [a
aid It to your hand (e Dismantle = i+10 — |

@/f this card is sent to the CY You
can target | "Super Quant” monster Fy
in your GY except "Super Quantum “h———

fin Blame


Frame 510: ce |

@s @2000 ©a00

[Warrlov/Etfoct]
If you control no monsters, you can
Special Summen this card (from
your trand);

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Super Quantum:
Red Layer" once per turn.

@When this card is Normal or
Special Summoned: You can target
1 “Super Quant* card in your GY;
add |t to your hand.

@if this card is sent to the GY; You
can target 1 "Super Quant" monster
In your GY, except "Super Quantum

L cai

@)

+t

a Horo

Can Dismantie 1

a

Dismantic

Generale


Frame 511: 2000 6500

(wartor/ettect]
If you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Super Quantum
Red Layer” once per tum.

@When this card is Normal or
Special Summoned: You can target
1 “Super Quant” card in your GY;
add it to your hand

@if this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "Super Quant” monster
In your GY, except "Super Quantum

( »
(Cartas cores
1

—- BO +
GEE


Frame 512: (Warrlor/Etfect!
IF you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Super Quantum
Red Layer" ance per turn.

@When this card is Normal or
Special Summoned: You can target
1 "Super Quant" card in your GY;
add it to your hand.

@If this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "Super Quant" monster
In your GY, except "Super Quantum

© Related Cards

& ivoro

CanDismantle 1

‘te


Frame 513: IF you control ne monsters, you can

Special Summon this card (from Ch Rotated cards
your hand).

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Super Quantum
Red Layer" once per turn. & isoio
@When this card is Normal or Can Dismantle
Special Summoned: You can target

1 "Super Quant" card in your GY;

add it to your hand. ae
@if this card js sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "Super Quant" monster 1 ale & -30

In your GY, except "Super Quantum


Frame 514: IF you control no monsters, you can

Special Summon this card (from Ci Rotated Cards
your hand).

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Super Quantum
Red Layer" once per turn. & ioio
@When this card is Normal or Can Dismantle
Special Summoned: You can target

1 "Super Quant" card in your GY;

add it to your hand. ae
@if this card js sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "Super Quant" monster 1 ale & -30

In your GY, except "Super Quantum


Frame 515: (Warrloretect]
IF you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Super Quantum
Red Layer" once per turn.

@When this card is Normal or
Special Summoned: You can target
1 "Super Quant" card in your GY;
add it to your hand.

@if this card is sent to the GY: You.
can target 1 "Super Quant" monster
In your GY, except "Super Quantum

Can Dismantle

kd

i

Generate


Frame 516: (Warrior/Etect]
IF you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Super Quantum
Red Layer" once per turn.

@When this card is Normal or
Special Summoned: You can target
1 "Super Quant" card in your GY;
add it to your hand.

@if this card is sent to the GY: You.
can target 1 "Super Quant" monster
In your GY, except "Super Quantum

Can Dismantle

bd

i

Generate


Frame 517: ®z2000 $500

(Warrtorfettect]
If you control no monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Super Quantum
Red Layer" ance per tum.

@When this card is Normal or
Special Summoned: You can target
1 "Super Quant" card in your GY;
add it to your hand.

@If this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "Super Quant" monster
In your GY, except "Super Quantum

aM How to obtain

ir

1
& jso10

Can Dismantle

‘  Dismantie =) #10

Generate 30

ra


Frame 518: Super Quantum Red Layer

@s 0 @z000 6s00

Waniorefectl
IF you control ne monsters, you can
Special Summon this card (from
four hand).
&: can only use each of the
lowing effects of "Super Quantum
Red Layer" once per turn.
{When this card is Normal or
Special Summoned: You can target.
1 "Super Quant" card in your GY;
add it to your hand.
@if this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "Super Quant” monster
in your GY, except "Super Quantum

Ca)

Gunerate

s


Frame 519: ser ey2is | ae

GR 22

Frame 520: sor ey2is | ae

GR 22

Frame 521: retum this face-up card (rom the

field to the hand.

< Dusing the Damage Step, when a
LIGHT monster you control battles

(Quick Effect): You can send this ia

card trom your hand to the GY; that =}

monster gains ATK equal to the ATK San Dismantle 0 @ =)

of the opponent's monster it is [a

battling, until the nd of this turn,

ase 1100 ®1s00
(Fainvetect| =
During your Main Phase; You can

Dismantts

i -30


Frame 522: ser eis se ae
— a

e418 @1100 ® 1800
o

[ratry/etect]
During your Main Phase: You can
return this face-up card from the
field to the hand.

During the Damage Step, when a 1 »

| LIGHT monster you control batiles —_—— (me + )

(Quick Effect): You can send this & joo
card trom your hand to the GY; that EQ -1
monster gains ATK equal to the ATK CaaDismantie 0
of the opponent's monster it is
battling, until the end of this turn. BS Cannot Diamant


Frame 523: {Falry/étfect|_____

During your Main Phase: You can

return this face-up card from the a

field to the hand.

During the Damage Step, when a 1 »
LIGHT monster you contro! battles Boel

(Quick Effect): You can send this & ivoio

card from your hang to the GY; that ad 4
monster gains ATK equal to the ATK CanDismantle

of the opponent's monster it is

battling, until the end of this turn. Cannot Dismantle

Wal Generate  -30
t si


Frame 524: {Falry/ettect)

During your Main Phase: You can

return this face-up card from the a

field to the hand.

During the Damage Step, when a 1 »
LIGHT monster you contro! battles Boel

(Quick Effect): You can send this & isola

card from your hang to the GY; that ad a |
monster gains ATK equal to the ATK CanDismantie 0

of the opponent's monster it is

battling, until the end of this turn. Cannot Dismantle

'8t Gunerate  -30
t i


Frame 525: (Falry/tfect|_____ a

During your Main Phase: You can

return this face-up card from the a

field to the hand.

During the Damage Step, when a 1 »
LIGHT monster you contro! battles Boel

(Quick Effect): You can send this & isola

card from your hang to the GY; that fa |
monster gains ATK equal to the ATK CanDismantle 0

of the opponent's monster it is

battling, until the end of this turn. Cannot Dismantle

Val Generale  -30
t si


Frame 526: {Falry/Etfect]_____ |

During your Main Phase: You can

return this face-up card from the a
field to the hand.

During the Damage Step, when a 1 >
LIGHT monster you contro} battles B+

(Quick Effect): You can send this & iso/o

card from your hand to the GY; that as AV

monster gains ATK equal to the ATK CanDismantle 0

of the opponent's monster it is
battling, until the end of this turn.

* Cannot Dismantle

"Bt Gunerate 3
Generate 0


Frame 527: a) 591

2s ese faz

a4 8 ®1100 1300

(Fairy/éttect]_____
During your Main Phase: You can
return this face—up card from the
field to the hand.

During the Damage Step, when a
LIGHT monster you control battles
(Quick Effect); You can send this
card from your hand to the GY; that
monster gains ATK equal to the ATK
of the opponent's monster it is
battling, until the end of this turn.

ry

CA)

By 1

Gunerate


Frame 528: During your Main Phase: You can

return this face-up card from the (Grease ewe)
jeld to the hand. piece
uring the Damage Step, when a
IGHT monster you contiol battles (eo +)

(Quick Effect): You can send this & Tro/o
card from your hand to the GY; that © (i 4
monster gains ATK equal to the ATK CanDismantle_@ |" Va
of the opponent's monster it is ee

battling, until the end of this tim. : Cannot Disma

Gensrate


Frame 529: (ser ey2is | ae

GR 22

Frame 530: sor ey2is | se

GR 22

Frame 531: Blackwing ~Zephyros the Eli@

ase @100 $1000

(Winged Beaewettect]
If this card is in your GY; You can
teturn | face-up card you control

to the hand; Special Summor this
card. and il you do, take 400
damage.

You can only use this effect of
“Blackwing — Zephyros the Elite"
once per Duel.

Ca)


Frame 532: ser eis se ae
Blackwing ~ Zephyras the Elle Hi)

4 © @1s0p ®1000
(Winged Beasvettect]
If this card is in your GY; You can
return 1 face-up card you control
to the hand; Special Summon this

card, and if you do, take 400 1

damage,
You can only use this effect of & i

“Blackwing — Zephyros the Elite”
once per Duel. Geubensnite = 20:


Frame 533: a) 501

2s ese 22

Blackwing Zephyros the Ele A)

a4 © ®iso0 @1000
{Winged Beast/Eftect)
If this card is in your GY; You can
return 1 face-up card you control

to the hand; Special Summon this
card, and if you do, take 400
damage.

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Zephyros the Elite”
once per Duel.


Frame 534: a) 501

2s Gese i 22

Blackwing ~Zephyon tw Ete)

@4 6 ®1s00 1000
(Winged Beasvettect]

IF this card is in your GY: You can
return 1 face-up card you control
lo the hand: Special Summon this
card, and if you do, take 400
damage.

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Zephyros the Elite"
once per Duel.

How to Obtain

& ino
CanDismantle 0 By —

Bs Cannot Dismantic

43 Generate P30


Frame 535: a) 501

2s se | ie
Blackwing ~ Zephyras the:
a4 8 ®iso0 ©1000

(Winged Beasi/etect]
IF this card is in your GY; You can
return 1 face-up card you control

lo the hand; Special Summon this
card, and if you do, take 400
damage.

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Zephyros the Elite"
once per Duel.

| How to Obtain

& imo
CanDismantle 0 Ey ——

* Cannot Disinanile

‘Generale = —30


Frame 536: a) 591

2 ese a2

Blackwing - Zeshyroa ha Elta)
a4 8 ®.e00 #1000

(Winged Beasv/Etect]
If this card is in your GY: You can
return 1 face-up card you control

to the hand; Special Summon this
card, and if you do, take 400
damage.

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Zephyros the Elite"
once per Duel.

Can Dismantie

1
& ivoio
9

(Generate

=f

*& Cannot Dismantle

-30


Frame 537: a) 591

2s ese faz

Blactwing ~ Zeshyros tha Elia)

a4 8 ®.e00 #1000

(Winged Beast/ettect]
If this card is in your GY: You can
return 1 face-up card you control

to the hand; Special Summon this
card, and if you do, take 400
damage.

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Zephyros the Elite"
once per Duel.


Frame 538: sucsang Zevon

a4 6 @1e00 1000
(Winged Beastietteety

if this card is in your GY: You can
return 1 face-up card you control
Special Summon this
rd, and if you do, take 400
mage:

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Zephyras the Elite”
once per Duel.

&

i?

Generate = -30


Frame 539: ser 21s | se

GR 22

Frame 540: - | feaiamant Scallop

@1 & ®@1a00 ©1300
(Aquaiettect) —— —-
During your Main Phase: You can

Special Sunimen this card (pon your
hand, endifyou dorsend 1

monster [rom your hand to the GY.
$ then, send the top 3 cards of your
Uack to he GY.
%

fi this card isisent tolihe GY by
cad elisct (except curing the

Damage Step) You san Fusion: E
ian Mainster from “S _Diemantle @®+10

Summan 11 Fi
your Extra Derk py placing Fusion
Materials mentioned-on it from your
hang, field andar G¥y Inciuding a

Siler craer Berner tinue 20a


Frame 541: a ©

eau @1s00 ©1500

laqua/ettect]
During your Main Phase: You can

Special Sun\mon this card from your
hand, and if you do, send 1

monster from your hand to the GY,

then, send the top 3 cards of your Bo +i
Deck to the GY.

& 2/0/0
if this card is sent to the GY by Sa
card effect (except during the CanDismantle 2 Lad

Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from ‘Ae ismantic tf +10
your Extra Deck. by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, Including

Ailes tented serve arrears

Generale fi -30


Frame 542: 501

ze @ese G22

Tearlaments Scheiren 8

ee @1enn #1300

| (equaettect]

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, send 1
monster from your hand to the GY,
then, send the top 3 cards of your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY by
card effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, including

Site San eee

i aoe


Frame 543: a) 501

2s Gse | i 22

Tearlaments Scheiren 8

a4 & ®1e00 ©1300

Taquarettect)
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, send 1
monster from your hand to the GY,
then, send the top 3 cards of your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY by
card effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, including

Shi abt erent

i Wes

& 3/010
CanDismantis 2 =u )

it Gonerate 3


Frame 544: a) 501

2s Gese f 22

Tearlaments Scheiren —

a4 & ®1e00 ®1300

(aquarettet]
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, send 1
monster from your hand to the GY,
then, send the top 3 cards of your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY by
card effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, including

Shier abet terre

ie Wes

& 3/010
ap = CD

it Gonerate 3


Frame 545: a) 501

2s ese 22

Tearlaments Scheiren 7

a4 & ®1e00 ®1300

[aqua/ettect)
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, send 1
monster from your hand to the GY,
then, send the top 3 cards of your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY by
card effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, including

Shier abet tere

i Wied

& 3/010
a Cam

it Gonerate 30


Frame 546: a) 501

2s @ese f 22

Tearlaments Scheiten ee

ea & 1800 1300

(aquarettect)
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, send 1
monster from your hand to the GY,
then, send the top 3 cards of your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY by
card effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, including

Shaler abet terest

ice Wes

ry

& 2/010

Can Dismantle 2

Gonerate


Frame 547: a) 501

2s ese 22

Tearlaments Scheiren 8

a4 & @1e00 ®1300

[aqua/ettect]
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, send 1
monster from your hand to the GY,
then, send the top 3 cards of your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY by
card effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, including

Sale abet terest

ice Wes

EQ

Co

& 2/010

CanDismantle 2

Gonerate 30


Frame 548: ser ip2is «se | 22
Tearlaments Scheien A) aD

R41 & ®1e00 61300
Taqualetea
During your Main Phase: You can

Special Summon this card from your (Garvan cue)
hand, and if you do, send 1 snail)
monster from your hand to the GY, 2

Deck to the GY. & 3/0/0

if this card is sent to the GY by EQ |

card effect (except during the ‘Gan Diimantis 2 as
Damage Step): You can Fusion

Summon 1 Fusion Monster from -  Dismantie TR +10
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion ‘

Materials mentioned on it from your

hand, field, and/or GY, including ‘Fl Generate  -30
shisicrarst eat

ies Wiss


Frame 549: @au @1e00 61300
(aquavettet!
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
and, and if you do, send 1
jonstar from your hand to the GY,
en, send the top 3 cards of your
leck to the GY.
If this card is sent to the GY by
card effect (except during the
Damage Step): You can Fusion
Summon 1 Fusion Monster from
your Extra Deck, by placing Fusion
Materials mentioned on it from your
hand, field, and/or GY, including

pele ecered eee BV nn the

e- =
(Ai Hew to obtain

Generate


Frame 550: sor ey2is | se

GR 22

Frame 551: sor ey2is | se

GR 22

Frame 552: Blackwing ~ Sudi the Phantom Glimmer di)

oe. ® @1a00 ©1400

Winged Beasvettset]
When this card is Normal
Summoned) You can add 1 card
that mentions "Black—Winged
Dragon" from your Deck to your
hand, except "Blackwing - Sudtri the
Phantom Glimmer”.

You can Tribute 1 monster; Special
Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer
Token" (Winged
Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK
700/DEF 700), then you take 700
damage. You cannot Special

Summon monsters from the Extra
Tisct thes tune Secret Sie

CA)

Bo +
e taro
ene)
| > Canna Ola
Generale i -30


Frame 553: Backing Sui ie Pion Gta)

en 6 1400 1400

(Winged Beasvetteci]
When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can add 1 card

that mentions "Black—Winged
Dragon" from your Deck to your
hand, except "Blackwing — Sudri the
Phantom Glimmer’.

You can Tribute 1 monster; Special
Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer

Token" (Winged
Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK
700/DEF 700), then you take 700
damage. You cannot Special

Summon monsters from the Extra u

ta thle

1 rhea the Sestee teases


Frame 554: a) 501

2s Gese | f 22

Blackwing ~ Su the Phantom Glimmer A)

a4 & ®1a00 ®1400

(Winged Beast/etect]
When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can add 1 card
that mentions "Black-Winged
Dragon" from your Deck to your
hand, except "Blackwing — Sudri the
Phantom Glimmer"

You can Tribute 1 monster; Special
Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer
Token" (Winged
Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK
700/DEF 700), then you take 700
damage. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra,

Rank the fences

:
& jso1o
Can Dismantia 0 cue ]
Cannot Dismantle

Generate ® -30

a
t


Frame 555: a) 501

2 = Gse | i22

Blackwing ~ Suet the Phantom Glimmer El)

a4 & ®1a00 ®1400

(Winged Beast/etect]
When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can add 1 card
that mentions "Black—Winged
Dragon" from your Deck to your
hand, except "Blackwing — Sudri the
Phantom Glimmer"

You can Tribute 1 monster; Special
Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer
Token" (Winged
Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK
700/DEF 700), then you take 700
damage. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra.

Rank the fences

:
& jso1o
Can Dismantia 0 a ]
Cannot Dismantle

Generate ® -30

a
t


Frame 556: a) 501

2s se | 22

Blackwing ~ Suet the Phantom Glinmer El)

a4 © ®1a00 ®1400

(Winged Beast/etect]
When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can add 1 card
that mentions "Black—Winged
Dragon" from your Deck to your
hand, except "Blackwing — Sudri the
Phantom Glimmer"

You can Tribute 1 monster; Special
Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer
Token" (Winged
Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK
700/DEF 700), then you take 700
damage. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra.

Rank the fences

:
& jso10
Can Dismantia 0 a }
Cannot Dismantie

Generate ® -30

a
t


Frame 557: a) 501

2 ese 22

Blackwing ~ Suet the Phantom Glimmer Fl)

a4 © ®1a00 ®1400
(Winged Beast/ettect]
When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can add 1 card

that mentions "Biack-Winged
Dragon" from your Deck to your
hand, except "Blackwing — Sudri the
Phantom Glimmer"

You can Tribute 1 monster; Special
Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer
Token" (Winged
Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK
700/DEF 700), then you take 700
damage. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra

Rank the incense

1 oa
sie

& iio
Can Dismantle

Cannot Dismantie

"Bt Gunerate ® -30
t


Frame 558: Blackwing ~ Sud the Phantom Glimmer Cn)
e416

@.400 61400

(Winged BeacvEtect!
When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can adc 1 card
hat menvions “Black-Winged
ragan" from your Deck to your
and, except "Blackwing — Sudri the
hantom Glimmer"

& iio
You can Tribute 1 monster; Special ay a

Summon 1 "Phantom Glimmer ao ieee 0,
Token" (Winged - =o
Beast/Tuner/DARK/Level 2/ATK ; Cannot Dismantte

7OO/DEF 700), then you take 700
damage. You cannot Special - =
Summon mansters from the Extra | ail <i cad

Ainel: the tien unis artintn thle


Frame 559: (sor ey2is | se

GR 22

Frame 560: es 86 #1300 @o
(Zombie Tuner/Eifest)
Yau can larget 1 face-up monster
an the field) dis¢aré" card, and if
you dy. increase thattarget’s Leval
by!

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; monsters you control
cannot attack forthe rest of this,
tum, except Zombie monsters. also
send | Zombie monster Irom yeur
Dack 1b the G¥, and Hf you do,
Increase (hat target's Level by 1.
You ean only use each effect of
"Uni Zombis" ote par turn,


Frame 561: es 68 @1500 ©
[Zombie/Tuneveftect

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; discard 1 card, and if
you do, increase thal target's Level
< by!

You can target 1 face-up monster
‘on the field; monsters you control
cannot attack for the rest of this
turn, except Zombie monsters, also
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY, and if you do,
increase that target's Level by 1.
You can only use each effect of
“Uni-Zombie" once per tum, |

Cannot Dismantis

Generate -30


Frame 562: 501

@ze dese G22

@3 28 @1300 60

[Zombie/Tuner/ettect)

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; discard 1 card, and if
you do, increase that target's Level
by 1.

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; monsters you control
cannot attack for the rest of this
turn, except Zombie monsters, also
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY, and if you do,
increase that target's Level by 1.
You can only use each effect of
"Uni-Zombie" ance per turn.

is

A tow to obtain
a

a
H+

& jvoio

Can Dismantle 0

i

% Cannot Dismanti


Frame 563: ay 501

2s = Gse | 22

Uni-Zombie ee

a3 e@ 1300 60
(ombierTuner/etteet)
You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; discard 1 card, and if
you do, increase that target's Level
by 1.

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; monsters you control
cannot attack for the rest of this
turn, except Zombie monsters, also
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY, and if you do,
increase that target's Level by 1.
You can only use each effect of
"Uni-Zombie" once per turn.

‘at
t


Frame 564: a) 501

2s ese 22

Uni-Zombie |

a3 e@ ©1300 60
(ombierTuner/etteet]
You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; discard 1 card, and if
you do, increase that target's Level
by 1.

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; monsters you control
cannot attack for the rest of this
turn, except Zombie monsters, also
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY, and if you do,
increase that target's Level by 1.
You can only use each effect of
"Uni-Zombie" once per turn.

‘at
t


Frame 565: a) 501

2s ese | 22

Uni-Zombie ee

a3 e@ ©1300 60
(ombie/Tuner/etteet)
You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; discard 1 card, and if
you do, increase that target's Level
by 1.

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; monsters you control
cannot attack for the rest of this
turn, except Zombie monsters, also
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY, and if you do,
increase that target's Level by 1.
You can only use each effect of
"Uni-Zombie" once per turn.

‘at
t


Frame 566: a) 501

2s Gese 2

as e8 ®s00 $0
(Zombie/Tuner/Ettect]

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the fleld; discard 1 card, and if
you do, increase that target's Level
by 1.

You can target 1 face-up monster
on the field; monsters you control
cannot attack for the rest of this
turn, except Zombie monsters, also
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY, and if you do,
increase that target's Level by 1.
You can only use each effect of
"Uni-Zombie" once per turn.

Ca)

CB Roi
a4

1
=
res ( )


Frame 567: Uni-Zombie |

e558 @1300 60
(ombie/Tuner/etfeet
You can target 1 face-up monster

1 the fisid; discard 1 card, and if
<. dg, increase that target's Level

y 1
You can target 1 face-up monster
‘on the field; monsters you control ge froio

cannot attack for the rest of this = 1, Cl

turn, except Zombie monsters, also Can.Dismantle_@ | fi
send 1 Zombie monster from your

Beck o he GY. af you de
increase that target's Level by 1.

You can only use 2ach effect of Sy
"Unl—Zembie” once per tum. i

Generate oH) 30


Frame 568: ser ey2is | ae

GR 22

Frame 569: @2 0 %1000 @600

1Warrlgy/Ettoct), a es ne =

When an attack is declared
lnvalving your other Wario! monster
and an opponent! face—up

oe monster: You can send this card

| from your bane op field to the GY )
e (ab opponent's monster loses ATC
equal to its original AT, unt! the

LL

end oj this turn. in Dtamintie > y
You can banish this card from your! 1
GY, then target 1 EARTH Watrla Fe vimana rio |
monster (7 your GY; add it to your. “2
hand =

You can only use each effect BF “Wk el 3


Frame 570: Rookie Warrior Lady 2]

es © 1000 ®e00

Warrior/Eftect]
When an attack is declared
involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up
monster: You can send this card
from your hand or field to the GY.
that opponent's monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, unt!| the
end of this turn.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warriar
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand

You can only use each effect of

& ioro

Can Dismantia 1

AS Dismantie

Generale
? ©

te H10


Frame 571: 501

ze ese dh 22

<<a al

es 0 1000 S600

(Warrlor/ettet)
When an attack is declared

involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up

monster: You can send this card

from your hand or field to the GY;
that opponent's monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the
end of this turn.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

ly use each effect of

a

1

& )

Can Dismantle 1

|

le Gy +10


Frame 572: a3 8 ®1o00 B09
(Warrlorfettect)
When an attack is declared

involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up

monster: You can send this card

from your hand or field to the GY;
that opponent’s monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the

end of this turn

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

effect of

-%  Dismantie

Generate


Frame 573: a3 8 ®1o00 @s00

Warrtorfetect!
When an attack is declared

involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up

monster: You can send this card

from your hand or field to the GY;
that opponent’s monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the
end of this turn

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

effect of

-%  Dismantie

Generate


Frame 574: a3 8 ®1o00 B09
(Warroretect!
When an attack is declared

involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up

monster: You can send this card

from your hand or field to the GY;
that opponent’s monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the

end of this turn

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

effect of

-%  Dismantie

Generate


Frame 575: 2s Gese 22
Rookie Warrior Lady?) CA)
a3 8 ®1o00 $800
(Warrorfefieci!

When an attack is declared
involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up
monster: You can send this card
from your hand or field to the GY;
that opponent's monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the
end of this turn

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

ly use each effect of

2
=i

& ivo1o

Can Dismantle

-%  Dismantie +10
Generate te -30


Frame 576: 2s ese fae
Keats Wot a
a3 8 ®1o00 #500
{Warror/efieci!

When an attack is declared
involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up
monster: You can send this card
from your hand or field to the GY;
that opponent’s monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the
end of this turn

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.
‘ou can

ly use each effect of

io

Generate

& isoio

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 577: a3 8 ®1o00 @500

Warrlorfetteet)

When an attack is declared
involving your other Warrior monster
and an opponent's face-up
monster: You can send this card
from your hand or field to the GY;
that opponent's monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the
end of this turn

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

ly use each effect of


Frame 578: Rookie Warrior Lady

@s 8 @1000 ®s00
(Wartlor/Effect]

When an attack is declared
Involving your other Warrior monster
iad an opponent's face-up
nonstar: You can send this card
rom your hand or field to the GY;
iat opponent's monster loses ATK
equal to its original ATK, until the
end of this turn.
You can banish this card trom your
GY, then target 1 EARTH Warrior
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.
You can only use each effect of

Gunsrate FP -3D


Frame 579: ser ey2is | ae

GR 22

Frame 580: 0 Blaclauing — Shaige the Waning May { =n
===

ee * *so0 500

{Winged Bosst/Timatesl) i
W3 monster willy 2000 or mare ATK q
is on tha fiald, you can Specia)

Summa thisyeareh fing your herve)

az You cat) only Special Suimman.
] A eed —Shamga the Waning
é | in” once pe: (Wen this way e Tao

you controls "Alackwing’ Ban tel
| Siren Wenatoe (alter Pec orbit {
You can banign itis card irom Your = S
GY, then farget | face—tip card your.
opponent cantra|s; destray 1
You can only use this effect if ary
Blaciewing ~ Sharnga the Waning |) *


Frame 581: Bisckning~ Sharia oe ot eo

ez De @s00 ©so0
(Winged Beast/Tuner/ENeet)|

Ifa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon” once per turn this way.

Hi you control = "Blackwing"
‘Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
appenent controls; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning

Cannos Didmar

Generate i +30


Frame 582: 501

ze dese dh 22

er)

cng hava Wag oon

@s00 500

OWinged Beast/Tuner/Eftect}
Ifa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a “Blackwing”
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it.

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning

( )
(Atom io onan
Gt Related Cards
1

ts Cannot Diamante


Frame 583: ey 501

2s Gese | f 22
Blackwing ~ Sharnga the Waning Moan a»
a2 08 eso @su0

(Winged Beast/Tuner/Ettect]
\fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
Is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

IF you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning


Frame 584: a) 501

2s se | 22
Blackwing ~ Sharnga the Waning Moon a»
e208 eso @s00

(Winged Beast/Tuner/ettect]
\fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

IF you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning


Frame 585: a) 501

2s ese 22
Blackwing ~ Sharnga the Waning Moon C A_)
e208 e500 @suo

(Winged Beast/Tuner/eftect)
\fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
Is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

IF you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning


Frame 586: (a) 501

2s Gese i 2

tes hg i Wag aan

e208 sm ®s00
{Winged Beast/Tuner/eftect)
\fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"

Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it.

You can only use this effect of a
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning

30


Frame 587: a) 591

2s ese | i 22

a2 06 ®s00 ®s00

(Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect]
\fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
“Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

IF you control a "Blackwing"

Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):

You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it.

You can only use this effect of ‘a
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning


Frame 588: a) 501

2s ese fz

a2 08 ®so0 500
{Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect]

fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of vB
"Blackwing — Shatnga the Waning

Generate


Frame 589: a) 501

2s ese faz

a2 08 ®so0 500
{Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect)

fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of vB
"Blackwing — Shatnga the Waning

Generate


Frame 590: a) 501

2s ese | 22
Blackwing ~ Sharnga the Waning Moon)
a2 08 @®so0 #500

{Winged Beaat/Turor/EMGek] nm

fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Shatnga the Waning

& ino 40/0
Can Dismantle 0 )

oe: Cannot Dismantie

ra

Generate


Frame 591: a) 501

2s se | 22
Blackwing ~ Sharnga the Waning Moon)
a2 08 ®so00 ®s00

{Winged Beaat/Turor/EMEek] nm

fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Shatnga the Waning

& ino 40/0
Can Dismantle 0 )

oe: Cannot Dismantie

ra

Generate


Frame 592: a) 591

2s ese 22
Blackwing ~ Sharnga the Waning Moon)
a2 08 ®so00 ®s00

{Winged Beaat/Turor/EMeek] Nm

fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Shatnga the Waning

& ino 40/0
Can Dismantle 0 )

oe: Cannot Dismantie

ra

Generate


Frame 593: a) 591

2 se 22
Blackwing ~ Sharnga the Waning Moon)
a2 08 ®so00 ®s00

{Winged Beaat/Turor/EMGek) nm

fa monster with 2000 or more ATK
is on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 face-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it

You can only use this effect of
"Blackwing — Shatnga the Waning

& ino 40/0
Can Dismantle 0 )

oe: Cannot Dismantie

ra

Generate


Frame 594: <

Aucirg Sarg aoe

If a monster with 2000 or more ATK
!s on the field, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
iu can only Special Summon
lackwing - Sharnga the Waning
Moon" once per turn this way.

If you control a "Blackwing"
Synchro Monster (Quick Effect):
You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 fare-up card your
opponent contrals; destroy it-

You can only use this effect of

"Blackwing — Sharnga the Waning

Ca)


Frame 595: ser ey2is | se

GR 22

Frame 596: ser ey2is | ae

GR 22

Frame 597: @2 ee @s00 €0

[Winged Besst/Tuner/efect]
I you contro! a "Blackwing"
monster other than “Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering".
you can Special Summon this card
(from your hand).

Yau can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Embiem of
Wandering” once per tim this way.
During your Main Phase; You can
send this card on tne field te the
GY along with | or mare nan-Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the tetal Levels sent

7.


Frame 598: e2 ee
(Winged BeastiTuner/efteet))
IF you control a "Blackwing"

monster other than “Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”.

you can Spacial Summon this card
(from your hand),

You can only Special Summon
“Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field ta the

GY along with | or mare nan-Tuner
"Blackwing’ monsters from yout
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

(Atom oontan

2 inno eo
i ==

Cannot Niamantic

Cap Dismantle 0


Frame 599: a) 501

2s se

Blackwing ~ Vata the Emblem of

e208
(Winged Beast/Tunor/Effect}

IF you cantrol a "Blackwing"
Inonster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering",
you can Special Summon this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field ta the
GY along with 1 or more nan-Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters from your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

Related Cards

1010

— Le
1

=

Can Dismantie a | *~

Cannot Distr


Frame 600: (i) 591

ce: SEC

Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering Fl

a2 68 @s00 #0
(Winged Beast/Tunev/effeet))

If you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”,
you can Special Summon this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or mare non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

How to Obtain


Frame 601: (i) 591

iis @ese | G ez

Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering Fl

e208 eon $0
(Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect)|

If you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”,
you can Special Summon this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phas:
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or mare non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

How to Obtain


Frame 602: (i) 591

SE

Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering FA

e208 en #0
Winged Beast/TunerEffect)|

If you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”,
you can Special Summon this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or mare non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

ca


Frame 603: (i) 501

ce SE Ed

Blackwing ~ Vata the Emblem of
2208 @so0 60
Winged BeastTuner/Effect)

If you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”,
you can Special Summon this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or mare non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

How to Obtain


Frame 604: (i) 501

zie Gas

2208
(Winged Beast/Tuner/effect!|

If you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than “Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”,
you can Special Summen this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or more non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your

Deck, so that the total Levels sent


Frame 605: a2 08
Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect)

If you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”,
you can Special Summen this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or more non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

CanDismantle 0 = ]

cy

Cannot Dismantic


Frame 606: (i) so

iyzie @se | ia2

Blackwing = Vas the Fob Wann

a2 08 @eo0 %0
(Winged Beast/Tuner/Etfect)

If you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering”,
you can Special Summen this card
(from your hand).

You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way.
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or more non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

CA)


Frame 607: Blackwing ~ Vata the Emblem of Wandering &)

@260 ‘@enn 60
Winged BeastTunevEMect

IF you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Vata the Emblem of Wandering’,
‘ou can Special Summon this card
from your hand),
You can only Special Summon
"Blackwing — Vata the Emblem of
Wandering” once per turn this way,
During your Main Phase: You can
send this card on the field to the
GY along with 1 or more non—Tuner
"Blackwing" monsters fram your
Deck, so that the total Levels sent

&

Can Dism:


Frame 608: (ipset pete | se

GR 22

Frame 609: Assault Synchrony

e: 6e $200 @0
(Mashine/TumstfEftent) =D
During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card (rom your
fandsthenetake 700 damage, also
wiille it is face—up in the Monster
Zons you cannot Special’ Summon
Wom the Extra Deck, except
Synehro Monsters.

(fa face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you contral is Tributed
ot banished (except during the
Damage Step): You can banish this
cand from your GY, then target. 1. of
those monsters; Special Summan |t-

& aro

Dismantle

w(E2


Frame 610: —— |
e2: ee ®700 60
(Wachine/Tuner/Etfect]

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Suinmon this card from your
hand, then take 700 damage. also
while it is face-up in the Monster
Zone, you cannot Speciai Summon
from the Extra Deck, except
Synchro Monsters.

Ifa face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you control is Tributed
‘or banished (except during the
Oamage Step): You can banish this
card from your GY, then target 1 of
those monsters; Special Summon It.

AE Dismantie +10

‘Grice
° =


Frame 611: (i) so

Hes se | ee

Assault Synchran __)
e208 @700 ®0
IMachine/Tuner/eneal

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then take 700 damage, also
while it is face-up in the Monster
Zone, you cannot Special Summon
from the Extra Deck, except
Synchro Monsters.

Ifa face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you control is Tributed
or banished (except during the
Damage Step): You can banish this
card from your GY, then target 1 of
those monsters; Special Summon it.

( >.
(A row worn
WB Related Cards

4
Came)
ae |

orale 20


Frame 612: Gi 591

i: SC Ed

a

e208 2700 6D
(Machine/Tuner/eftect)

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then take 700 damage, also
while it is face-up in the Monster
Zone, you cannot Special Summon
from the Extra Deck, except
Synchro Monsters.

Ifa face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you control is Tributed
or banished (except during the
Damage Step): You can banish this
card from your GY, then target 1 of
those monsters; Special Summon it i

CA)
=)


Frame 613: Gi 591

i: SE Ed

eS CA)

e2 @8 ®700 #0
{Wachine/turet/ettec]” NN

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your =

hand, then take 700 damage, also halons cna)
while it is face-up in the Monster
Zone, you cannot Special Summon
from the Extra Deck, except
Synchro Monsters.

Ifa face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you contro! is Tributed
‘or banished (except during the
Damage Step): You can banish this
card from your GY, then target 1 of
those monsters; Special Summon It. i


Frame 614: Gi 591

ce: > 22

|

During your Main Phas:
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then take 700 damage, also
while it is face-up in the Monster
Zone, you cannot Special Summon
from the Extra Deck, except
Synchro Monsters.

Ifa face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you control is Tributed
or banished (except during the
Damage Step): You can banish this
card from your GY, then target 1 of
those monsters; Special Summon It. t


Frame 615: Gi 591

en: ST Ed

rs

a2 68 S700 #0
(Machine/Tuner/ettead]

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then take 700 damage, also
while it is face-up in the Monster
Zone, you cannot Special Summon
from the Extra Deck, except
Synchro Monsters.

Ifa face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you contro] is Tributed
or banished (except during the
Damage Step): You can banish this
card from your GY, then target 1 of
those monsters; Special Summon It."

Ca)


Frame 616: |
a2 28 @700 0
(Machins/Tunct/Eftact]

During your Main Phase: You can
Special Summon this card from your
and. then take 700 damage. also
hile it is face-up in the Monster

ne, you cannat Special Summon
rom the Extra Deck, except
Synchro Monsters.
If a face-up Dragon Synchro
Monster(s) you control is Tributed
‘or banished (except during the
Damage Step): You can banish this
cart from your GY, then target 1 of
thase monsters; Special Summon |t

& Tro/0

24 1
CanDismantie 1 | ** ?
AZ Dismantle = +10

7 Ganorale

30


Frame 617: (set epere | se

GR 22

Frame 618: : cunic ya = wl

Cr) sa @i0 |
" ——=
|) Spelicaster/Ettact) — (Ai aw w opts |
Wf this catd is Normal er Special 4 y

Summoned! You can activate. this

© See) effect: duringthe End Phase of this
tur, add T Level 5 or higher

WATER monster fromyour Deck to » )
your frend. ~~

if you control a Lever o: higher,
WATER monster andith\s card fs in
your GY! You can Special Summon
this caro hut banish i when iL
leaves the field

You can only se each effect of
“Crystal Girl once per turn,


Frame 619: Crystal Girl

Ey

[Spelleaster/Eifect] NN

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned, You can activate this
effect; during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Level 5 or higher
WATER monster from your Deck to
your hand.

If you contro} 2 Level 5 of higher
WATER monster and this card is in
your GY! You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field,

You can only use each effect of
“Crystal Girl” once per turn

CA)

2

|

2 ior
1 (Eo

Can Dismantie =


Frame 620: Gi 581

ci a: SC Ed

Crystal Girl 8

a9 e200 100

{Spellcaster/effect =a
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can activate this
effect: during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Level 5 or higher
WATER monster from your Deck to
your hand

If you control a Level 5 or higher
WATER monster and this card is in
your GY: You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Crystal Gir" once per tum.

3 ivoio

Can Dismantle

acd

Dismantle

m1


Frame 621: i 501

i: SE

Crystal Girl =a 4 a )
a1. 09 ®200 #100
if this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can activate this 7
effect: during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Lavel 5 or higher 1

WATER monster from your Deck to BQ 4

your hand. & a0

If you control a Level 5 or higher iC 4
WATER monster and this card is in CanDismantle _1 ——
your GY: You can Special Summon

this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of ‘ca =
"Crystal Girl" once per turn. u

Generat 2


Frame 622: i 501

ce: SC Ed

Crystal Giel __ a

@1 09 ®200 #100

{Spelicaster/Enect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can activate this
effect; during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Level 5 or higher
WATER monster from your Deck to
your hand.

if you control a Level 5 or higher
WATER monster and this card |s in
your GY: You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Crystal Girl" once per turn.

1
BO +t
& ivoio
Can Dismantia eo
-%  Dismani

ra


Frame 623: i 591

pz Gese | i a2

Crystal Giel =e

a0 200 $100

{Spelicaster/Etect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can activate this
effect; during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Level 5 or higher
WATER monster from your Deck to
your hand.

if you control a Level 5 or higher
WATER monster and this card |s in
your GY: You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Crystal Girl" once per turn.

1
BO +t
& iyoio
Can Dismantia eo
-  Dismani

ra


Frame 624: i 591

ci a: SE
ao em 100
{Spelicaster/Etect]

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can activate this
effect: during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Level 5 or higher
WATER monster from your Deck to
your hand.

if you control a Level 5 or higher
WATER monster and this card is in
your GY: You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Crystal Girl" once per turn.

CA)
1
Com

5
=

Can Dismanila eo)

AE Dismani +10

ra

Genera


Frame 625: i 591

i: SE
aio em @100
{Spelicaster/Etect]

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can activate this
effect: during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Level 5 or higher
WATER monster from your Deck to
your hand.

if you control a Level 5 or higher
WATER monster and this card is in
your GY: You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Crystal Girl" once per turn.

CA)
1
Com

a
C=

Can Dismantie Ho )

AE Disman +10

ra

General


Frame 626: i 591

yz Geese | a2

Crystal Gitl |

a. 9 @®200 #100

(Spollcaster/evect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can activate this
effect; during the End Phase of this
turn, add 1 Level 5 or higher
WATER monster from your Deck to
your hand.

if you control a Level 5 or higher
WATER monster and this card is in
your GY: You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Crystal Girl" once per turn.

& jroo

Can Dismantle

Dismantle

a

i +10


Frame 627: If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can activate this
effect: during the End Phase of this
pun, add 1 Level 5 or higher

/ATER monster from your Deck to
your hand.
If you control a Level 5 or higher
WATER monster and this card js In
your GY: You can Special Summon
this card, but banish it when it
leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of ——_ ae ey
"Crystal Girl" once per turn. .

Can Dismai

Dismai


Frame 628: (set epere | se

GR 22

Frame 629: en an| eo
{Spellsactor/EMtest} ——
Yau can send up to 2 Spelis/Trapa
from your Ware ahd/or field fo Lie

GY; drew thatyrany ecards.

Hf this card is in you! band; You can
sand 1 Levs) 6 oy fijgher Spalicasles
monster irom your Deck to the GY.
then aciwate|1 of Uies= ettects,
@Special Suimmonthis care

@Send this card to the GY then, “PE

you can Special Summan (“Dark - nat
Magician’ op | 'Datk Vagician Girl"
fram your Gi:

You can only ust each effect of


Frame 630: #1. 2 eo ®o

ISpelleastevettect)
You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
{rom your hand and/or field to the
GY; draw thal many cards.

Ii this card is in your hand: You can

send 1 Level 6 of higher Spelicaster
monster from your Deck to the GY, gy 3iai0

then activate 1 of these effects; canumecees (Eo
@Special Summon this card aSV7=7oc"_"_ +.
@Send this card to the GY, then, ae
you can Special Summon | "Dark |
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"

from your GY. General ® -30
You can only use each effect of

CA)

Cannot Didimantis


Frame 631: (i) so

Bas Qs G2

ia én 60

{spelicaster/etteet)
You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; draw that many cards.

If this card is in your hand; You can
send 1 Level 6 of higher Spelicaster
monster from your Deck to the GY,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon this card

@Send this card to the GY, then,
you can Special Summon 1 "Dark
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"
from your GY.

You can only use each effect of

( )

Cannot bismar

CanDismantle 0


Frame 632: Gi 591

eS Ed

aa go 80
[Spelicaster/etect]

You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; draw that many cards.

IF this card is in your hand: You can
send 1 Level 6 or higher Spelicaster
monster from your Deck to the GY,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon this card

@Send this card to the GY, then,
you can Special Summon 1 "Dark
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"
from your GY

You can only use each effect of

=

2
Bo +t
& 3/010
ConDismantle 0 (ET! )

Cannot Di

antie

"Bt Generate owe


Frame 633: Gi 591

ee: ST

aoa go 80
[Spelicaster/Ettect]

You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; draw that many cards.

IF this card is in your hand: You can
send 1 Level 6 or higher Spelicaster
monster from your Deck to the GY,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon this card

@Send this card to the GY, then,
you can Special Summon 1 "Dark
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"
from your GY

You can only use each effect of

=

2
Bo +t
& 2/010
ConDismantie 0 (ET! )
= Cannot Dismantie
be Generate = —30


Frame 634: Gi 591

i en: ST Ed

aoa go 60
[Spelicaster/Etect]

You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; draw that many cards.

IF this card is in your hand: You can
send 1 Level 6 or higher Spelicaster
monster from your Deck to the GY,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon this card

@Send this card to the GY, then,
you can Special Summon 1 "Dark
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"
from your GY

You can only use each effect of

=

2
Bo +t
& 2/010
ConDimantie 0 (ET! )
= Cannot Dismantie
be Generate = -30


Frame 635: Gi 501

ce: SE

Mogietans' Sous

a 0a eo ®o

{Spolicaster/efeetl NN

You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; draw that many cards.

IF this card is in your hand: You can
send 1 Level 6 or higher Spellcaster
monster from your Deck to the GY,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon this card

@Send this card to the GY, then,
you can Special Summon 1 "Dark
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"
from your GY.

You can only use each effect of

lated Cards

2
Bo +t
& 3/010
ConDismantle 0 (ET! }
= Cannot Dismantie

ra


Frame 636: Gi 501

ce: SE Ed

Tn] an
a0 eo 0

(Spolleaster/eHS2_ NN

You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; draw that many cards.

IF this card is in your hand: You can
send 1 Level 6 or higher Spelicaster
monster from your Deck to the GY,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon this card.
@Send this card to the GY, then,
you can Special Summon 1 "Dark
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"
from your GY.

You can only use each effect of

Ci Rolated ¢

:

& 3y0/0

Can Dismantle o il )
Cannot Dismantis

ra


Frame 637: Magicians’ Souls |
aa @0 60

(Spolcastor/emect

You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps
from your hand and/or field to the

GY; draw that many cards.

f this card is in your hand: You can
end 1 Level 6 or higher Spelicaster
monster from your Deck to the GY,

then activate 1 of these effects;

@Special Summon this card.

@Send this card to the GY, then,

you can Special Summon 1 "Dark
Magician" or 1 “Dark Magician Girl"

from your GY.

You can only use each effect of

2/0/0
a

&

Can Dismantle

? |
i
>

"@ Ganorate


Frame 638: set ayers | se

GR 22

Frame 639: {—_ A)
(Falry(Eifect] aan ( Alba wom )
Cannot le Normal Sumpmonad/Set. ———
Must be Specia) Summoned (Irom

Sse] your hand) by: Tibuting all face—uu

monsters on the lield that acliyated ——
| \heir effects thistturivin your = B +
opponent's Monster Zone. a to
Gains 1500 ATK for gach monster : -
Tributed to Special’'Summon this papa Dlamante 1 (Ee y)
card
Ouring your Ene Phase: You.can Be Dismantle = +10
target | monster in your opponent's
GV; Special Summon it to yourtield; ves yy

You can only use this effect of


Frame 640: Kurikata Divincarnate z — @

ee 1500 ©1500
(rainenecd

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing all face-up
monsters on the field that activated
their effects this tum in your
‘opponent's Monster Zone.

Gains 1500 ATK for each monster
Tributed to Special Summon this
card.

During your End Phase: You can
target 1 monster in your oppanent's
GY; Spacial Summon it to your field.

You can only use this effect of

a -

(i How to obtain

Can Distmantie ED J


Frame 641: (i) so

Bas ss G2

|

@i128 @1s00 @1500

(Fatry/Etect
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing all face-up
monsters on the field that activated
their effects this turn in your
opponent's Monster Zone.

Gains 1500 ATK for each monster
Tributed to Special Summon this
card,

During your End Phase: You can
target 1 manster in your opponent's
GY; Special Summan it to your field.

You can only use this effect of


Frame 642: set ayzie «Gas = G22
Kurihara Divincarnate

ae ®1s00 $1500
(Falry/etect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing all face-up
monsters on the field that activated
their effects this turn in your

—+
opponent's Monster Zone. alk

Gains 1500 ATK for each monster (

Tributed to Special Summon this ‘Gen Diemenii "1

card

target 1 monster in your apponent's
GY; Special Summan it ta your field. jay

You can only use this effect of “

Generate


Frame 643: set ayzie «se = G22
Kurihara Divincarnate

ae ®1so0 $1500
(rary/etect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing all face-up
monsters on the field that activated
their effects this turn in your

—+
opponent's Monster Zone. a5

Gains 1500 ATK for each monster (

Tributed to Special Summon this Gen Diemenii 1

card

target 1 monster in your apponent's
GY; Special Summan it ta your field. jay

You can only use this effect of =

Generate


Frame 644: set ayzie «se | G22
Kurihara Divincarnate

ae ®1so0 $1500
(rary/etect|
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing all face-up
monsters on the field that activated
their effects this turn in your

—!
opponent's Monster Zone. ail

Gains 1500 ATK for each monster (

Tributed to Special Summon this Gen Diementin 1

card

target 1 monster in your apponent's
GY; Special Summan it ta your field. jay

You can only use this effect of

Generate


Frame 645: i) sot

eS

|

a8 ®1s00 1500
(Falry/Etfect! Es
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing all face-up
monsters on the field that activated
their effects this turn in your

Ca)
"|

oa

1
=

opponent's Monster Zone. & 5
Gains 1500 ATK for each monster 4
Tributed to Special Summon this aa
card

target 1 monster in your apponent's
GY; Special Summan it ta your field. jay

You can only use this effect of 4

During your End Phase: You can & ante 410
30

Generate e


Frame 646: i) sot

ce: SC Ed

|

a8 ®1s00 1500
(Fairy/Etfect]_—__
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing all face-up
monsters on the field that activated
their effects this turn in your
opponent's Monster Zone.

Gains 1500 ATK for each monster
Tributed to Special Summon this

card,

During your End Phase: You can
target 1 monster in your apponent's
GY; Special Summan it ta your field.
You can only use this effect of


Frame 647: Kurikara Divincarnate  &

ase @1s00 ©1500

(Fairy/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
our hand) by Tributing all face-up
jonstars on the field that activated
eir effects this turn in your
‘opponent's Monster Zone.
Gains 1500 ATK for each monster
Tributed to Special Summon this
card.
During your End Phase: You can
target 1 monster in yaur opponent's
GY; Special Summan it te your field.
You can only use this effect of


Frame 648: set ayers | se

GR 22

Frame 649: Abyss Actor ~ Evil Haat a 7 y =
- (-H

@e +1 230p0 ®2mD =
[Pemduiam Ensesl —3 b ( Atm con)
Once per turn: Yeu can Tribute }! i i

“Abyss Actor? munste} Urey Largel eS
{face—urmonstenyour umporent Bal CA Rees my)
controls: It loses ATK equal to the. —

>

§

otigina} ATK of the Tributed Po Lz
WRlah@yP sntulyen/ ettect) =, o—
WF his card & Normal or Special

EQ
Summoned: You cari taryel + face Betis 1 4

up monsle yow gpponent centrols, =

\t loses 1000 ATK fur each "Abyss [ir —Dismamle = f) +10 — |
Actor’ monster yau currently ——————————
conitol uniil the ens of this turn, —s

When this-card destroys an


Frame 650: ‘Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel el

@e 41 8 @3000 ®2000

{Pendulum Entect)
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor” monster, then target
1 face-up monster your eppunent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
IFiend/Pendul

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned, You can target 1 face~
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1900 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor” monster you currently
control. until the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

car

& taro

Con Dismantie 1 (EY

Generale i -20


Frame 651: (iso: Ryze se 22

Fives Actor Eel]

@p 41 ¥ @s000 2000

(Pendulum fect]
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target
1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
| original ATK of the Tributed
[Fleng/Pendulumvetfect])
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, until the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

1
& ivoio

Can Dismantie 1

Ay Dismantie

1B Guy
u


Frame 652: sot

zie @ese i a2

Abyss Acior-Evil Heel)

@p 41 © snoop ®2000

[Pendulum efect]

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target
1 face-up monster your opponent
contrals; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
{Fiend/Pandulum/effact]

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
itloses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, until the end of this turn,

When this card destroys an

CA)
i=

Can Dismantle


Frame 653: sot

eS

Abyss Acior-Evil Heel)

@p 41 © snoop 2000

{Pendulum Effect]
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target
1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
{Fiend/Pendulum/effact]

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, until the end of this turn,

When this card destroys an

CA)
i=

X
}
= CD

“Be Dismanti +10

ry


Frame 654: sot

ce: Se

Abyss Acior-Evil Heel)

@p 41 © snoop ®2000

[Pendulum effect]

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target
1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
{Fiend/Pandulum/effect] |)

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, until the end of this turn,

When this card destroys an

CA)
i=

X
coe ee

“Be Dismanti +10

ra


Frame 655: sot

ST Ed

Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel 8

@e 41 © ®s000 ®2000

[Pendulum effect]

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target
1 face-up monster your opponent
contrals; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
{Fiend/Pendulum/effoct!

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face-
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, untl] the end of this turn. ry

When this card destroys an


Frame 656: sot

zis @ese | i a2

Abyss Actor-EvilHeel Cr )
@e¢1 ®s000 ®2000
[Pendulum Etfect] NNN |

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target ——
1 face-up monster your opponent |

contrals; it loses ATK equal to the

original ATK of the Tributed

[Fiend/Pendulum/effect! & | C=”

If this card is Normal or Special

a
Summoned; You can target 1 face-
up monster your opponent controls;
Actor" monster you currently
control, unti] the end of this turn.
When this card destroys an

Can Dismantle 1

cy


Frame 657: sot

en: SC

Abyss Actor-EvilHeel CA)
@e¢41 9 ®s000 ®2000
[Pendulum effect] |

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target _, Con)
1 face-up monster your opponent |

contrals; it loses ATK equal to the

original ATK of the Tributed

[Flend/Pendulum/effect! 3 Yyoro
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face-
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss AY Dismani
Actor" monster you currently
control, unt] the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

1 om
@)

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 658: sot

eS

Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel 8

@p 41 9 ®so00 #2000

[Pendulum effect]
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target

1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
[Fiend/Pendulum/etfect! & Toro
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls)
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss AE Disman
Actor" monster you currently

control, unt! the end of this turn. ie

When this card destroys an

410

Can Dismantle 1.


Frame 659: i 591

i en: SCT

Abyss Actor-EvilHeel =) C )
@p 41 9 ®s000 2000
[Pendulum Effect]

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1

“Abyss Actor" monster, then target _ =
1 face-up monster your opponent

controls; it loses ATK equal to the

original ATK of the Tributed ae)

{Fiend/Pendulum/etfect! & Jyoro
if this card is Normal or Special

Summoned; You can target 1 face-
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss -&  Disman'
Actor" monster you currently

control, unti| the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

CanDismantie 1

Generate


Frame 660: i) 591

zis Gese | i a2

Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel a

@e 41 © ®s3000 #2000

[Pendulum Effect] ——- |

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target

1 face-up monster your opponent.
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
[Fiend/Pendulum/etect!

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each "Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, unti| the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

=

CanDismantie 1

-&  Dismantle +10

Generate

Br aw


Frame 661: i) 591

a: SC

Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel a

@e 41 © ®s3000 2000

[Pendulum Effect] a

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target

1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
[Fiend/Pendulum/etect!

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, unti| the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

C=

CanDismantie 1

-&  Dismantle +10

Generate

Br aw


Frame 662: i) 591

en: CT

Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel en

@e 41 © ®s3000 #2000

[Pendulum Effect] =a

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target

1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
[Fiend/Pendulum/etect!

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each "Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, unti] the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

=

CanDismantie 1

-&  Dismantle +10

Generate

Br a


Frame 663: ip set

en: SC

Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel

@e 41 © ®s000 #2000

[Pendulum Effect] —a

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target

1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
[Fiend/Pendulum/etect!

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each "Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, unti| the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

=

CanDismantie 1

-&  Dismantle +10

Generate

Br a


Frame 664: ip set

en: SCT

Abyss Actor ~ Evil Heel )

@e 41 © ®s3000 #2000

[Pendulum Effect] a |

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor" monster, then target

1 face-up monster your opponent
controls; it loses ATK equal to the
original ATK of the Tributed
[Fiend/Pendulum/etect!

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up monster your opponent controls;
it loses 1000 ATK for each “Abyss
Actor" monster you currently
control, unti] the end of this turn.

When this card destroys an

C=

CanDismantie 1

&

Diemantle

1 Gunerate
General

i +10


Frame 665: @a 41 ¥ ®3000 2000

[Pendulum ettect]
Once per tun: You can Tribute 1
“Abyss Actor monster, then target

| face-up monster your opponent
ono it loses ATK equal to the

riginal ATK of the: Tributed
{Flend/Penduiut
If this card is Normal or Spacial >...
Summoned: You can target 1 face- C27 Dismanile _1. a
up monster your opponent controls; =
it loses 1000 ATK for each "Abyss 45 Dismantio. «= #10
Actor® monster you currently — =
control, until the end of this turn. 7
Gonerats i -30
When this card destroys an 2 = =


Frame 666: (set zis | se

GR 22

Frame 667: : od-eye Pond

@7? sa ®2500 @eoo0 ]
[Pendutum EMtect] . i

Yau can feduce thebatlle damage
you lake from an allack invulving @
Pendulum Monstenyey contral ta 0.

< j Curing yeu End Phase: Yalu ean
a destoy this card. and )iyor -
* | von oarewgt lltm 2 Taro

Wikis card balties am opponsnts.
monster, arly batlle daniaue thls
card In{iicis lo your opponent Is,
doubleo


Frame 668: Ould-Eyes Pendulum Dragon

a7 eae @2500 ©2000

[Pendulum Effect]
You can reduce the battle damage
you lake from an attack involving 2
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.
During your End Phase: You can
destroy. this car
[Dragon/Pondulum/Etect

if this card battles an opponent's
monster, any battle damage this
card inflicts to your opponent |s
doubled.

& toro
Can Dismantla 0

: Cannet Dlémantis

Gunerate


Frame 669: set

Mas ss G2

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon) Cn)

e7 44 © ®2s00 S200

{Pendulum EHect] nN |

You can reduce the battle damage

you take from an attack involving a Bl (Onmeens)
Pendulum Monster you control to 0. men Cote
During your End Phase; You can

aes da Lou 0 ‘= )
[Dragon/Pendulum/éttect! & Toso

WF this card battles an opponent's moO!
monster, any battle damage this san Deimarits _C'

card inilicts to your opponent is
doubled. *


Frame 670: sot

zis @ese | 22

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon

@7 44 © ®z500 #2000
[Pendulum effect]

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an altack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.

During your oe er You can

si pas thi

; zit card baltles an CSET S
monster, any battle damage this
card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

( 3

‘Generate = -30
a 30


Frame 671: sot

ee: SC

Cd Eyes Pola ronan)

a7 44 8 2 ®2000
[Pendulum effect]

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an altack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.

During your oe er You can

‘i pas thi

7 zit card baltles an oPRRERE S
monster, any battle damage this
card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

( »

1! Generate = -30
a 30


Frame 672: sot

i :  d

(Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragan | & )
a7 44 5 ®z500 #2000
{Pendulum Effoch]_ ND

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an altack involving a

Pendulum Monster you control to 0. |
G i ]

During your End Phase; You can 1 7
Stestroy this, gar ‘iLys ‘a
BrasonPendskm/shec oS Sra

7 this card battles an opponent's gq -
monster, any battle damage this ‘Eaiaimiantls — <0:
card inflicts to your opponent is

doubled. os ¢

nnot Dismantie

‘8! Generate = -30
a 30


Frame 673: set yzie §«<@Pse = G22
Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon a»

e7 44 & ®2s00 @2000

{Pendulum Effock] ND

You can reduce the battle damage

you take from an attack involving a (Caren ewe)
Pendulum Monster you control to 0. wiatod Canis,

During your End Phase: You can 1 st
destroy tt +
les goto his. serena vous,

7 this card battles an opponent's gq -1
monster, any battle damage this
card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled. of

Cannot Dismantie

‘Generate = -30
a 30


Frame 674: sot

zis @ese | 22

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon C >
a7 44 5 ®z500 #2000
[Pendulum Effoch] ND

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an altack involving a

Pendulum Monster you control to 0. |
G z ]

During your End Phase; You can 1
destroy this, car i vas. do “i
[Dragon/Pendulum/! & joo

IF this card battles an TT Ss gq -
monster, any battle damage this ‘Sayama = 0:
card inflicts to your opponent is

doubled. ote

Cannot Dismantie

‘3! Generate = -30
a 30


Frame 675: ip 501

ee: Cd

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragan 8

a7 446 ®es00 2000
[Pendulum Effect]

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an attack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.

During your End Phase; You can

destroy this card.and il vou do,
{Beason ee ile & jroo
IF this card battles an opponent's

monster, any battle damage this Con Dhments 0
card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

Cannot £

Generate

ia


Frame 676: ip 501

zis @ese | i 22

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragan |

a7 406 e500 2000
[Pendulum Effect]

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an attack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.

During your End Phase; You can

destroy this card.and il vou do,
{Beason olan ee eo & jroo
IF this card battles an opponent's

monster, any battle damage this ‘Con Dkmnents 0
card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

Cannot £

Generate

a


Frame 677: ip 501

en: CT

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragan |

a7 4a 0 ®zs00 2000
[Pendulum Effect]

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an attack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.

During your End Phase; You can

destroy this card.and il vou do,
{Beason ee em & jroo
IF this card battles an opponent's

monster, any battle damage this ‘Con Dkonents 0
card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

Cannot £

Generate

a


Frame 678: ip 501

a: SC

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragan |

®2s00 62000

[Pendulum Effect]
You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an attack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.

During your End Phase; You can
destroy this card. and itv B
aA en rie |
if this card battles an opponent's
monster, any battle damage this

card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

a4 a

& jsoi0

CanDismantis 0

Cannot £


Frame 679: ip 501

ee: SC

ca ea ae)

a7 44 o ®zs00 2000
[Pendulum Effect]

You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an attack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.
During your End Phase; You can
destroy this card. and itvs F

Aen ee | & jroo
if this card battles an opponent's 7
monster, any battle damage this oni eames = 0

card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

Cannot Di

Generate

a


Frame 680: ip 501

a: CT

Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragan 7

®2s00 62000

[Pendulum Effect]
You can reduce the battle damage
you take from an attack involving a
Pendulum Monster you control to 0.

During your End Phase; You can
destroy this card. and itv B
oa en rie |
if this card battles an opponent's
monster, any battle damage this

card inflicts to your opponent is
doubled.

a] a

& jroo

CanDismantis 0

Cannot £


Frame 681: a |
e744 6 @®z500 ®2000

[Pendulum gttect]_
You can reduce the battle damage
you take fram an allack invalving a
endulum Monster you cortrol to 0.
Aputing your End Phase: You can
jastroy this.
Dragon/Pendul Effect}
If this card battles an opponent's
monster, any battle damage this
card inflicts te your opponent is
doubled.

A

Cm

Cannot Di:

Ganeraie 7-30


Frame 682: set p2is «| se

GR 22

Frame 683: 4 +2 aU @e0D
(Pouca BREE] . ==
I o.'Perlarmapall” wonster(s) |e &
Peodu lui Summoned to yuur [leit

Z A) TPetformmpe!” mune 27s you. ;

<q currently contiol gait 1000 ATK

( | uni) thie enchef this emer (even | 7
. iis Pan) eT

1 Litit cand i Spaelal Sum poped. oa LH >] 4
You car batiel up te 2 carlls you jee ee Ohmi [Ee s
| control, siesltcy tnesn, arid fey 4 = ;

do, edd "Pertar vera!” mongers
witt dillersrit naings thom your Deck
le yaul (alin except Pereenspa)
Penitulum Séifteper! qual td the % <

= aaa Pecos i ao


Frame 684: Perlormapal Pendiiimm Sarcerar BE)

eo 42.9 61500 eo

(Pendulum Entec}
Ila "Performapal” monster(s) is
Pendulum Summoned lo your field;
All 'Performapal’ monsters you
currently control gain 1000 ATK.

until the end of this turn (even If
\Spellcastar/Fancullin

If this card ts Special Summoned
You can target up lb 2 cards you
contral, destroy them, and if you
do, add "Performaval” monsters
with different names fram your Deck
lo your hana, except "Pertormapal
Pendulum Sorcerer”, equal to the

(aout oni)

& toro
CanBlamente 0 (EY 1 )

Caine DidiniEn


Frame 685: (sor Ryze se 22
Performapal Pendulum Scresset— 4E) a
( )

@4 429 1800 Sano

[Pendulum Effect]
Ifa “Performapal” monster(s) is
Penduluia Summoned to your fields
All "Performapal” monsters you
currently control gain 1000 ATK

until the end of this turn (even if
{Spalicaster/Pendullm/et 2 in
If this card is Special Summoned; e__iae =

You can target up to 2 cards you San Blemantie _ es

control, destroy them, and if you

do, add "Performapal” monsters a annot Dismar

with different names trom your Deck

to your hand, except "Periormapal
Pendulum Sorcerer", equal to the u


Frame 686: sot

ee: CT

Pesformapal Pendulum Sorcerer

e442 8 ®1s00 6s00

(Penditim Exec)

Ifa “Performapal" monster(s) is
Pendulum Summoned ta your field:
All "Performapal" mansters you
currently control gain 1000 ATK
until the end of this turn (even if
{Spellcaster/Pendullim/Etfeet),

if this card is Special Summoned;
You can target up ty 2 cards you
contral; destroy them, and if you
dg, add ‘Performapal” monsters
with different names trom your Deck
to your hand, except "Periormapal
Pendulum Sorcerer", equal to the

Can Dismantie

Cannot bisinantile


Frame 687: sot

en: SC

Pesformapal Pendulum Sorcerer

@4 42 9 @1soo @so0

[Pendulum Effect]
fa "Performapal" monster(s) is
Pendulum Summoned te your field:
All "Performapal” mansters you
currently control gain 1000 ATK

until the end of this turn (even if

{Spellcaster/Pendulum/ettact]

If this card is Special Summoned;
You can target up to 2 cards you
control; destroy them, and if you
do, add “Performapal” monsters
with different names trom your Deck
to your hand, except "Periormapal
Pendulum Sorcerer", equal to the


Frame 688: sot

ce: CT

Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer

@4 42 9 @1soo @so0

[Pendulum Effect]
If a "Performapal” monster(s) is
Pendulum Summoned to your field:
All "Perfarmapal" mansters you
currently control gain 1000 ATK
until the end of this turn (even if
{Spalicaster/Pendullim/eHeet!

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target up to 2 caids you
contral; destroy them, and if you
do, add "Performapal” monsters
with different names trom your Beck
to your hand, except "Performapal
Pendulum Sorcerer", equal to the

Cannot Bisinanile


Frame 689: {
Peuformapal Pendulum Sorcerer #8)

@4 420 @1s00 @B00

(Pendulum Ettect}

| “Performapal” monster(s) is
Pendulum Summoned to your field;
| "Pertormapal" mansters you
4jsrrently control gain 1000 ATK
intil the end of this turn (even if
{Spellcaster/Pendulum/!
if this card ls Special Summoned:
You can target up to 2 cards you
contral; destroy them, and if you =
do, add "Performapal” monsters 2
with different names from your Deck
to your hand, except "Performapal .
Pendulum Sorcerer", equal to the

'P  Gunsrale in -30


Frame 690: set pes | se

GR 22

Frame 691: i) 591

ze ese

GR 22

Frame 692: IDragowRttwaVEttect]
You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned;

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card etfects.

It this card attacks a Detense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
‘opponent

a iio

Can Bismantle

0

CA)
Ey 4

Slémantie


Frame 693: set

as ss G2

Blue-Fyes Chaos MAX Dragan 8)

en 6 @ano0 6p

TDragon/Rituai/eftect|
You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form”. Must be Ritual
Summoned
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card etfects
It this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage ta your
opponent.

CA)


Frame 694: Gi 591

a: CT Ed

|
en ¢ ®ann0 6p

(oragon/Ritual/eteet!
You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form”. Must be Ritual
Summoned,

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card elfects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects

it this card attacks a Detense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage ta your
‘opponent.

re
7

Cannot Dismantie

-30


Frame 695: Gi 591

CT

Blie-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon ==
enc Sano 8D

(Dragon/RituaVetect] =

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned,

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects

It this card attacks a Detense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage ta your
opponent.

Cannot Dismanile

18) General e® -30
F 30


Frame 696: Gi 591

Cd

a ==
es Sano $0

(Dragon/Rituaettect] =

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form”. Must be Ritual
Summoned,

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects

It this card attacks a Detense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage ta your
‘opponent.

Cannot Dismantie

18) General e -30
F 30


Frame 697: sot

a: CT

Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon

en @ann0 #0

(Dragon/Ritual/ettect]
You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned.

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
opponent.

=)

it
— A
& iso
Canismantia__o [ES - )

nnot Diemantie

Generate e® -30


Frame 698: sot

ee: CT

Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon

an @ano0 #0

(Dragon/Ritual/etteet)
You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned,

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
opponent.


Frame 699: sot

ce: CT Ed

Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon

a5 6 @anoo #0
(Dragon/Ritual/etteet)

You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned,

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
opponent.

nnot Dismantle

“30


Frame 700: sot

a: ST Ed

Byer Chaos AX Dogon LT

en anno @o
(Dragon/Ritual/Etfeet)

You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned,

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster. inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
opponent.

ra
t

ale


Frame 701: sot

ee: SCT

Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon

ano anon 60
(ragon/Ritual/ENect]

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned,

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects.

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster. inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
opponent.


Frame 702: i 591

a: SC

tne-Fys Caos AK Dogo

a5 @ ®anon 60
(Dragon/Ritual/ettect]

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form". Must be Ritual
Summoned.

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects.

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster. inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
opponent.

WW Related Cards


Frame 703: Blue-Fyes Chaos MAX Dragon 8

@s ¢ ®anoo 60
[DragonRitual/effect]

You can Ritual Summan this card
with "Chaos Form", Must be Ritual
Summoned.

‘our opponent cannot target this
yard with card effects, also it
cannot be destroyed by your
opponent's card effects.

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict double
piercing battle damage to your
opponent


Frame 704: set p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 705: Sau

or £

a7 ‘P2500
[Oraqgn/RitsaV/EfIe6t]
You can Ritual Summon this card
wilh “Sprile's Blessing”.

WET Your Ghpynsnlactivates a
card or elfect thal targets @ mongter
you control (Quick Effect): You.caq

dispard (his card; necatz the & Taro
actWwabon . Hw -
When yourlenponantmould Speciale ee Damani _T ( f

Summon & monster(s) (Quick “a >
Gitect)! You can return this eard te [Ap dioman @ +10 |
the hand; negete the Special a
Summon, and if you do, banishathat
monster(s)


Frame 706: | Sauravis, the Anclent and Ascended @)
@7 ®2300 ©2a00

(DragorRituaVeMect)
You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Sprite's Blessing”

When your opponent activates a

card of effect thal iargets a monster
you conirol (Quick Effect); You can

discard this card; negate the & Varo

activation.

When your opponent would Special  S#2 Bimantl
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to (4 _Dismantle
the hand: negate the Special
Summon, and if you do, banish that
monster(s)..


Frame 707: sot

re Bs G22

Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended #6
a7 6 @ze00 @2800
(Dragan/Ritual/efiset) =i
You can Ritual Summon this card

with "Sprite'’s Blessing”,

When your opponent activates a

card or effect thal targets a monster
you control (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your oppanent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick

Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you do, banish that
monster(s)

7

aa: i)

=
WB Related Cards
1
a Bo +1
& ioia
Can Di Bo
a Ne +10


Frame 708: i 591

ee: SCT

Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended)

a7 ®ze00 #2500

(Dragon/RituaV/éftect]

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Sprite’s Blessing”.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targels a monster
you control (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your opponent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you da, banish that
monster(s)

1

& ivoio

Can Dismantle

cd

Dismantie

Generate

( )

aM How to obtain


Frame 709: i) 591

en: CT Ed

Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended)

a7 ®ze00 #2500

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Sprite’s Blessing”.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targels a monster
you control (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your opponent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you da, banish that
monster(s)

( )
(al How 0 obtain
1

|
aaa et )

Generate


Frame 710: ip set

fe:

Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended)

a7 ®2ze00 ®2500

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Sprite’s Blessing”.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targels a monster
you control (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your opponent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you da, banish that
monster(s)

( )
(al How 1 obtain
1

:
aaa et )

Generate


Frame 711: i) 591

zis @ese | 22

Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended)

a7 ®2ze00 #2500

(Dragon/Rituav/etteet]

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Sprite’s Blessing”.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a monster
you control (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your opponent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you da, banish that
monster(s)

=A)

& ino

CanDismantle 1

“t  Dismantie

"Gl Generate t® -30


Frame 712: i 591

en: ST

Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended)

a7 ®2ze00 #25800

(Dragon/Rituavetteet]

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Sprite’s Blessing”.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a monster
you control (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your opponent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you da, banish that
monster(s)

1
& ivoio
Can Dismantle = )

Genwrate


Frame 713: a7 @
(Dragon/Ritual/Effect]

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Sprite’s Blessing".

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a monster
you contro! (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your opponent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you da, banish that
monstar(s)

CanDismantie 1

Dismantle

ry
I Generate fi


Frame 714: i 591

a: CT Ed

Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended @)

a7 @ ®ze00 ®2500

(Dragon/Ritual/ettect]
You can Ritual Summon this card

with "Sprite’s Blessing".

When your opponent activates a

card or effect that targets a monster
you contro! (Quick Effect); You can
discard this card; negate the
activation.

When your opponent would Special
Summon a monster(s) (Quick

Effect): You can return this card to &
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you do, banish that ja)

monstar(s)

Dismantie up) #10

Generate  -30


Frame 715: Sauravis, the Ancient end Ascendad

eve @®ze00 62800
{Dragon/Ritual/Effeet] ——
You can Ritual Summon this card
wilh "Sprits's Blessing”,
hen your opponent activates a
ard or effect that targels a monster
0U contro| (Quick Effect); You can

discard this card; negate the
activation

When your opponent would Special!
Summon a monster(s) (Quick
Effect): You can return this card to
the hand; negate the Special
Summon, and if you do, banish that
monstar(s)

Generale Ht -20


Frame 716: set p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 717: i 591

ze ese

GR 22

Frame 718: Illusion of Chaos _ &

en @2100 ©2500

a -
[Spelicaster/Rltual/enect) ( AB How to obtain

You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Chaos Form".
You can reveal this card in your
< hand; add 1 "Dark Magician", or 1
non-Ritual Monster that mentions

it, from your Deck to your hand 2 3jo0

then place 1 cara from your hand =
on top of the Deck, Can Blsmantia a (FF
When your opponent activates a =

monster effect (Quick Effect): You a Cannot Didmantis
can return this card to the hand —r

and if you do, Special Summon 1 ae ® 20

jark Magician" fram your GY, and ib a


Frame 719: (sor Bye se 22
Itusion of Chaos a th

@7 2 2100 S200
[Spelicaster/Ritual/Effect) ———e
You can Ritual Summon this card
with “Chaos Form",
< You can reveal this card in your
q

CH)
,.

hand; add 1 "Dark Magician”, or 1
non-Ritual Monster that mentions
it, from your Deck to your hand,
then place 1 card trom your hand
on top of the Deck.

When your opponent activates a

monster effect (Quick Effect): You a Cannot Dismantie
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1 a Gus ON a0

"Dark Magician" from your GY, and a


Frame 720: i 591

zis @ese | i 22

Mlusion of Chaos | Cm)
a7 ¢ ®2100 2500

{Spelicaster/Ritual/etfect! |
You can Ritual Summon this card

with "Chaos Form".
You can reveal this card in your

hand; add 1 "Dark Magician”, or 1 2

non-Ritual Monster that mentions Boe
it, from your Deck to your hand, fos 2/0/0

then place 1 card from your hand (By +1
on top of the Deck. Can Dismantie 0 (©
When your opponent activates a E

monster effect (Quick Effect): You 2 Cannot Dismantie
can return this card to the hand,

and If you do, Special Summon 1 rm

"Dark Magician" fram your GY, and t ss


Frame 721: ip set

zis ese | 22

Mlusion of Chaos | Cm)
a7 ¢ ®2100 #2500

(Spoltasternualeet] nN |
You can Ritual Summon this card

with "Chaos Form".
You can reveal this card in your

hand; add 1 "Dark Magician", or 1 2

non-Ritual Monster that mentions Boe
it, from your Deck to your hand, fea 2/0/0

then place 1 card from your hand (Eo 1
‘on top of the Deck. Can Diamantia__O |
When your opponent activates a 5

monster effect (Quick Effect): You 2 Cannot Dismantie
can return this card to the hand,

and If you do, Special Summon 1 rm

"Dark Magician" fram your GY, and t i


Frame 722: ip set

a: CT Ed
a7 © ®2100 2500

{Spolicaster/Riiual/etect)
You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form".

You can reveal this card in your
hand; add 1 “Dark Magician", or 1
non-Ritual Monster that mentions
it, from your Deck to your hand,
then place 1 card from your hand
on top of the Deck.

When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You
can return this card to the hand,
and If you do, Spectal Summon 1
"Dark Magician” from your GY, and


Frame 723: set pets «se | 22

Musion af Chaos 8

a7 ®2100 2500
tSpolleastr/ituaeet]”

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form".

You can reveal this card in your
hand; add 1 "Dark Magician", or 1
non-Ritual Monster that mentions
it, from your Deck to your hand,
then place 1 card trom your hand
‘on top of the Deck.

When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You
can return this card to the hand,
and If you do, Special Summon 1
"Dark Magician" fram your GY, and

2

|

oe Cannot Dismantle

2
& 3/010

CanDismantie 0


Frame 724: set p2is «se | 22

Mlusion of Chaos |

a7 ®2100 2500
tSpolieastr/itua/eet]” NN

You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form".

You can reveal this card in your
hand; add 1 "Dark Magician", or 1
non-Ritual Monster that mentions
it, from your Deck to your hand,
then place 1 card trom your hand
‘on top of the Deck.

When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You
can return this card to the hand,
and If you do, Special Summon 1
"Dark Magician" fram your GY, and

2

=o)
=

oe Cannot Dismantle

2
& 3/010

CanDismantie 0


Frame 725: i 591

zis @ese | 22
Mlusion of Chaos a — Sane
aa 2100 ®2500 =| C A)

(Spellcaster/Ritual/effect]
You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form".

You can reveal this card in your
hand; add 1 "Dark Magician", or 1
non-Ritual Monster that mentions
it, from your Deck to your hand,
then place 1 card from your hand
on top of the Deck.

When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
"Dark Magician" fram your GY, and

| | Gass)
| (a

2
& 2/010

CanDismantle 0

Re

Cannot Dismantie

+1

ie

Generate © -30


Frame 726: sion of Chaos
e7 0 2100 62500

[Spellcaster/Ritual/Effect]
You can Ritual Summon this card
with "Chaos Form".

jand; add 1 “Dark Magician", or 1
on-Ritua) Monster that mentions
it, from your Deck to your hand,
then place 1 card from your hand
on top of the Deck,
When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You
can return this card to the hand,
and if yau do, Special Summon 1
"Dark Magician" fram your GY, and

< can reveal this card in your

‘{itiow to obtain

-


Frame 727: set pes | se

GR 22

Frame 728: set pers | se

GR 22

Frame 729: Fortes Dogon

ae @so00 ©so00
IDragon/Fusion/etteet]
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fuslon Summoned,

Cannot be destroyed by battle with

a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
WIND monster,

CA)


Frame 730: (sor pee se 22
Five-Headed Dragon Cn)

@126 @snoo ®s000
|

IDragon/Fustoweftect
5 Dragon monsters
Must be Fusion Summoned,

Oo
Cannot be destroyed by battle with 2
a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or Bika
WIND monster A

& 2710/0

= Ca


Frame 731: Gi 591

Se:

Fe tatetonam

e260 ®smn0 @so00
(Dragon/Fusion/eftet]
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fusion Summoned.

Cannot be destroyed by battle with

a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
WIND monster.

is

AA How to opsain

Oo
2
| Se
& 210/0
= Ca
s Cannot Dismanile


Frame 732: Gi 591

zis @ese | 22

Foe tated Onam LT

e260 ®smno 5000
(Dragon/Fusioneftect]
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fusion Summoned.

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
WIND monster.

& 2i0/0

g -
Can Dismantle 0 EY i

te Cannot Dismanile


Frame 733: Gi 591

a: CT Ed

Foe tated LT

e260 ®smno 5000
(Dragon/Fusioneftet]
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fusion Summoned.

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
WIND monster.

& 210/0

g
Can Dismantie 0 Ey i

te Cannot Dismanile


Frame 734: i) sot

zis @ese | 22

Potato
e126 ®sono @s000

(Dragon/Fusion/Etfect)
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fusion Summoned.

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
WIND monster

=
as “4

“& Cannot Dismantle

2
& 21010

CanDismantie 0


Frame 735: sot

en: SC

Feta
@126 ®son0 #5000
(Dragon/Fusion/Etfect)
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fusion Summoned.

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
WIND monster

Wh Roa
& 3/010

7-1
Can Dismantia 0 =

“S Cannot Dismantle


Frame 736: sot

ee: SC

Five-Headed Dragon a |
eG sono @5000

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect]
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fusion Summoned.

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
WIND monster

ry

Cannot Dismantie

Generate  -30


Frame 737: nT I
e126 @so00 65000

(Dragon/Fusion/Effecth
5 Dragon monsters

Must be Fusion Summoned.

winut be destroyed by battle with:
ARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or
IND monster

Cm
& ; =
CanDismante 0 (EY! )

Cannot Disman'

[ "7 Generate


Frame 738: set pes | se

GR 22

Frame 739: i 501

ze ese

GR 22

Frame 740: Cyberdark End Dragon

e126 @so00 ©3800
IMachine/Fusion/Ettect]
“Cyberdark Dragon" + "Cyber End

Must be either Fusion Summoned,
‘or Special Summoned by Tributing 1
Level 10 or lower "Cyberdark’
Fusion Monster equipped with
“Cyber End Dragon”.

Unaffected by your opponent's
activated effects.

Once per turn: You can equip 1
monster from either GY to this card.
This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase. up to the

Ca)

& Horo
LS]

Can Dismantle 0

jémantic

Canne

Generale


Frame 741: set

as Bs M2

| Cyberdark End Dragon |

gi2@ @s000 ®3800

{Machine/Fusion/etect]
"Cyberdark Dragon” + "Cyber End
Dragon"

Must be either Fusion Summoned,
of Special Summoned by Tributing 1
Level 10 or lower "Cyberdark"
Fusion Monster equipped with
“Cyber End Dragon"

Unatfected by your opponent's
activated effects.

Once per turn: You ean equip 1
monster from either GY to this card.
This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase. un to the

¢ /

__f

B+
& tion
= Cai
ahs Cannot Dismantie

Generate  -30


Frame 742: sot

ee: SC

|

aie @so00 #3800

(Machine/Fusion/Effect)
“Cyberdark Dragon” + "Cyber End
Dragon"

Must be either Fusion Summoned,
or Special Summoned by Tributing 1
Level 10 of lower "Cyberdark"
Fusion Monster equipped with
"Cyber End Dragon"

Unaffected by your opponent's
activated effects.

Once per turn: You can equip 1
monster from either GY to this card
This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase. un to the

C D

isa Cannot Dismantle

CanDismantie 0

‘al Generate =3¢
a G r 0


Frame 743: sot

a: SC Ed

|

Loe @s000 #3800

{Machine/Fusion/Efect)
"Cyberdark Dragon” + "Cyber End
Dragon"

Must be either Fusion Summoned,
or Special Summoned by Tributing 1
Level 10 of lower "Cyberdark"
Fusion Monster equipped with
"Cyber End Dragon"

Unaffected by your opponent's
activated effects.

Once per turn: You can equip 1
monster from either GY to this card
This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase. un to the

Ka Cannot Dismantie

C )

‘al Generate ® -30
a G f


Frame 744: sot

zis Gese | 22

Sides dOosen

aie @so00 #3800

(Machine/Fusion/Eect)
"Cyberdark Dragon” + "Cyber End
Dragon"

Must be either Fusion Summoned,
or Special Summoned by Tributing 1
Level 10 of lower "Cyberdark"
Fusion Monster equipped with
"Cyber End Dragon"

Unaffected by your opponent's
activated effects.

Once per turn: You can equip 1
monster from either GY to this card
This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase. un to the

ae Cannot Dismantie

‘al Generate =30
a G r 0


Frame 745: i) sot

zis @ese | 22

Cyberdark End Dragon oe

ei2@ ®sn00 #3800

(Machine/Fusion/Eect)
"Cyberdark Dragon” + "Cyber End
Dragon"

Must be either Fusion Summoned,
or Special Summoned by Tributing 1
Level 10 oF lower "Cyberdark"
Fusion Monster equipped with
"Cyber End Dragon"

Unaffected by your opponent's
activated effects.

Once per turn: You can equip 1
monster from either GY to this card
This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase. un to the

=}

1
& jvaio

CanDismanti= 0


Frame 746: yet rd a

e126 ®so00 Sas00

(Machine/Fusion/Ettecty
"Cyberdark Dragon" + "Cyber End
Dragan”

just be either Fusion Summoned,

br Special Summoned by Tributing 1

avel 10 or lower "Cyberdark”
Fusion Monster equipoed with
"Cyber End Dragon”
Unaffected by your opponent's
activated effects.
Once per turn: You can equip 1
monster from either GY ta this card
This card can attack & number of
Umes each Battle Phase. up to the

fa)

(aR Mow o oni

4
——— CED

Eunsrete


Frame 747: (set p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 748: oa |

m2 0 o3780 ak

(Warpan/FuatorvEMech)

“Sanga of the Thunder’ a
+"Suljin"

Must be Special Summoned (fram

your Extra Deck) by Uanishing the

aboye cards from your hand, figld

(Ata won Cris}

oe

and/or GY. a a

When your opponent activates a Se é shic-ws)
card or elfzct that targets a card(s) ES ‘f
you coptral (Quick Effect): Youtean = ©

hegale thal effect, and  you-do, Ay Dismanle = +10 )

destroy that card
You can only use this effect of
"Gate Guardians Combined" thrice


Frame 749: Sie Condes Cone rs)

e209 @s750 ©3000 if
WWarrlov/Fustor/ettect) (Aiton to ontan
“Sanga of the Thunder" + "Kazejin"

+ "Suijin”

|
Must be Special Summoned (from

< your Extra Deck) by banishing the
above cards from your hand, field, . | cai

and/or GY. 2 toro
When your opponent activates a e [3]
card of effect that targets a.card(s) Se Dementia _1 (~~ _
you control (Quick Effect): You can

+1

negate that effect, and if you do, AE Dismantie +10
destroy that card
You can only use this effect of  Gonerate th -30

"Gate Guardians Combined" thrice i


Frame 750: set

as Bs M2

<=

e128 3750 ©3400

(Warrlor/FusiowetteetT
"Sanga of the Thunder" + "Kazej
+ "Suijin"

Must be Special Summoned (from

your Extra Deck) by banishing the 1
above cards trom your hand, field,
and/or GY.

When your opponent activates a ipo
card or effect that targets a card(s)

you control (Quick Effect): You can

negate that effect, and if you do, “4  Dismantie
destroy that card.
You can only use this effect of va ie

"Gate Guardians Combined" thrice

(Ai tiow to ovtain

ted Cards

B+

= A
@ H10

Fj


Frame 751: sot

ce: CT

Gate Guardians Combined = aD

a128 ©3750 ®300

{WarrlorFuslonvEfeet nl

“Sanga of the Thunder” + "Kazejin”

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing the 1

and/or GY, & ivo10
When your opponent activates a Cena Bo

card or effect that targets a card(s) § —————

you contro! (Quick Effect): You can
negate that effect, and if you do, -®  Dismantie +10
 -30

destroy that card.

You can only use this effect of "B) Generate
“Gate Guardians Combined" thrice =


Frame 752: sot

a: eC Ed

Gale Gurdans Contined TS)

a128 3750 ®300

Warrlor/Fusionveftect!
“Sanga of the Thunder" + "Kazejin”
+ “Suijin"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing the
above cards from your hand, field,
and/or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
negate that effect, and if you do,
destroy that card

You can only use this effect of
"Gate Guardians Combined" thrice

(dA How to ovtan

1
& jvoo
Can Dismantle

mB


Frame 753: sot

zis @se | 22

Caio Gurdans Contined ES)

a128 ©3750 ®300

(Warrlor/Fusion/eftect!
“Sanga of the Thunder” + "Kazejin”
+ “Suijin"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing the
above cards from your hand, field,
and/or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
negate that effect, and if you do,
destroy that card

You can only use this effect of
"Gate Guardians Combined" thrice

(A How 1 ovtan

1
& ivoio
Can Dismantle

Bo


Frame 754: i) so

a: ST

Gate Guardians Combined

a128 ©3750 ®300

(Warrlor/Fusion/eftect!
“Sanga of the Thunder” + "Kazejin"
+ “Suijin"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing the
above cards from your hand, field,
and/or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
negate that effect, and if you do,
destroy that card

You can only use this effect of
"Gate Guardians Combined" thrice

(A tow ooouin


Frame 755: sot

a: eC

ne Gur dans Conia)

a128 ©3780 ®3400

Warrlor/Fusionv/eftect!
“Sanga of the Thunder” + "Kazejin”
+ “Suijin"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing the
above cards from your hand, field,
and/or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
negate that effect, and if you do,
destroy that card

You can only use this effect of
"Gate Guardians Combined” thrice

(A tow ooouin


Frame 756: sot

zis @ese | 22

Gute Guarana Conte ES)

a128 ©3780 ®3400

Warrlor/Fusionveftect]

"Sanga of the Thunder” + "Kazejin"
+ “Suijin"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing the
above cards from your hand, field,
and/or GY,

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
negate that effect, and if you do,
destroy that card.

You can only use this effect of
"Gate Guardians Combined" thrice

CanDismantie 1

-&  Dismantle

a

Generate © -30


Frame 757: set yzie «Gas = G22
Gate Guardians Combined =
e128 3750 83400

Warrlor/Fusionveftect! Al How to Obtain

“Sanga of the Thunder" + "Kazejin"

Must be Special Summoned (from

your Extra Deck) by banishing the
and/or GY, 2 jvoio
When your opponent activates a a Ey 41

card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can

negate that effect, and if you do, = Dismantie +10
destroy that card.
You can only use this effect of tH Generate |= -30

“Gate Guardians Combined" thrice


Frame 758: Gate Guacians Combined 1)

e120 ®3750 3400

Warrior/Fusion/ettect!
“Sanga of the Thunder" + "Kazejin"
+ “Suilin"
ust be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing the
ibove cards from your hand, field,
and/or GY.
When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
negate that effect, and if you do,
destroy that card
You can only use this effect of
"Gate Guardians Combined” thrice

CA)
+1
I

c=”
~ -C=~

Dismantle

ivo/0

Can Dismantie 1

& +10

Generate


Frame 759: set 21s | se

GR 22

Frame 760: i 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 761: Cyber End Dragon 8

@10& 4000 ©2e00
IMachine/Fusion/Effect]
“Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" +
“Cyber Dragor”

4 Fusion Summon of this card can
‘only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.

If this card attacks a Defense

Position monster, inflict piercing

battle damage

CA)

3 toro

Can Dismantle


Frame 762: (sor Byes se 22
<i |

anno ©2800

“Cyber Dragon” + "Cyber Dragon" +
"Cyber Dragon™
& A Fusion Summon of this card can
4

only be done with the above Fusion 1
Materials.

If this card attacks a Defense & ivoia

Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage.


Frame 763: Gi 591

a: SC Ed

<p en

g@10@ ®a00p ®2500
(Machine/Fuston/ENect)
“Cyber Dragon” + "Cyber Dragon” +
"Cyber Dragon”

A Fusion Summon of this card can
only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.

If this card attacks a Defense

Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage


Frame 764: Gi 591

en: SC Ed

a |

e10@ ®an0p ®2800
(Machine/Fuston/Enect)
“Cyber Dragon” + "Cyber Dragon” +
"Cyber Dragon”

A Fusion Summon of this card can
only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.

If this card attacks a Defense

Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage

i _ C=
CanDismantle 0

8 Gunerale


Frame 765: Gi 591

Se: SC Ed

|
10 @ ®anoo ®2800
(Machine/Fuston/Enect)
“Cyber Dragon” + "Cyber Dragon" +
"Cyber Dragon"

A Fusion Summon of this card can

only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.

if this card attacks a Defense

Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage

1
& iio

CanDismantie 0

8 Generale

(=)

not Dismantie


Frame 766: sot

zis Gees 22

Cyber End Dragan se

@anno #2800
venect)
“Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" +
"Cyber Dragon*

A Fusion Summon of this card can
only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.

If this card attacks a Defense

Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage.

he

2 Cannot Dismantie

et

Generate

30


Frame 767: sot

zis @ese | i 22

Cyber End Dragan Ss

@1@

"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" +
"Cyber Dragon”

4 Fusion Summon of this card can
only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage.

pr

Generate

=
(Crete cara) Cards


Frame 768: sot

zis ese | 22

Cyber End Dragan Ts

@i@

"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" +
"Cyber Dragon”

4 Fusion Summon of this card can
only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.

If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage.

ry

Generate

=
(Crores cara) Cards


Frame 769: sot

zis @ese | i 22

Cyber End Dragan es

ano ©2800
enect)
"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" +
"Cyber Dragon”
4 Fusion Summon of this card can
only be done with the above Fusion
Materials.
If this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage.

CanDismantle 0

al =$

"Bt Gunerate

‘ -30


Frame 770: @ie ®a0o00 62800

UWachins/Fuston/EMect)
“Cyber Dragon” + “Cyber Dragon” +
“Cyber Dragon”
Fusion Summon of this card can
pniy be done with the above Fusion
aterials.
if this card attacks a Defense
Position monster, inflict piercing
battle damage


Frame 771: (set pers | se

GR 22

Frame 772: @i0e
[Roch Fusion Effect) = —_—
"Valkyrion the Mapa Warrior” +
“Berserkion the Electromagya
Warrioi”

Must be Fusion Summoned witty the
abaye Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summanad by offer
ways.

Once per tum, ctifing either player's
turn, when your opponent activates
a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
etfert) You can agate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
thai card:


Frame 773: Sct |

@is 000 ®an00

(RockFusionenteet)
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" +
“Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior”

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other
ways

Once per turn, during either player's
turn, when your opponent activates
a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect: You can negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card.

(A)

(AA How to obtain

Bo +4

& toro
Can Disrmnit we J

4% Dismantie

Generale


Frame 774: set

as Bs M2

gue anno ®ano0
(Rock/Fusion/Effect]
“Valkyrian the Magna Warrior” +

“Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior”

| Must be Fusion Summoned with the

above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other
ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn, when your opponent activates
a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect: You can negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card.

|=

& in
Can Diamante 1 (EZ >

‘Go


Frame 775: sot

a: SCT

Imperian Magnum the Superconductive Bat)

ee aon ®an00
(Rock/Fusion/éfiect]
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior” +
“Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior"

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other

ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn. when your opponent activates

a Spell/Trap Card, or monster

effect: You can negate the

activation, and if you do, destroy

that card.

& jroo
10 ae

Can Dismantle

"@! Gonerate  -30
Ge 30


Frame 776: sot

a: SC Ed

Imperion Magnum the Superconductive Bat =)

ee ann ®ao00
(Rock/Fusion/éfiect]
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior” +
“Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior"

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other

ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn. when your opponent activates

a Spell/Trap Card, or monster

effect: You can negate the

activation, and if you do, destroy

that card.

& jroo
Jo ee

Can Dismantle

"! Gonerate  -30
a Ge 30


Frame 777: sot

zis Gese | 22

Umperion Magnum the Superconductive Bat)

ee aon ®ao00
(Rock/Fusion/eficet]
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior” +
“Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior"

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other

ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn. when your opponent activates

a Spell/Trap Card, or monster

effect: You can negate the

activation, and if you do, destroy

that card.

& jroo
Jo are

Can Dismantle

"@! Gonerate  -30
Ge 30


Frame 778: sot

zis @ese | 22

Topiary

gue acon ®ago0
{Rock/Fusion/Effect]
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior” +
“Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior”

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other

ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn, when your opponent activates

a Spell/Trap Card, or monster

effect: You can negate the

activation, and if you do, destroy

that card.

& jroo
Jo aaer

Can Dismantie

"Generate ® -30
ef Ge 30


Frame 779: sot

ST

iopiar Negun EE

eue ®aonn ®ag00
{Rock/Fusion/Effect]
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior” +
“Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior”

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other

ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn, when your opponent activates

a Spell/Trap Card, or monster

effect: You can negate the

activation, and if you do, destroy

that card.

& jroo
10 ae

Can Dismantie

"Generate © -30
ef Ge 30


Frame 780: ip 501

zis Gese | i 22

Teper apna he Sap)

gue ®ann0 000

(Rock/Fusion/ttect]
"Valkytion the Magna Warrior” +
"Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior"

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other
ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn, when your opponent activates
a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect: You can negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card.

|
Can == = 4 )

&  Dism:


Frame 781: i) 501

zis @ese | 22

@ue ®ann0 #4000

[Rock/Fusion/Effect] —==

"Valkytion the Magna Warrior” +
"Berserkion the Electromagna
Warrior"

Must be Fusion Summoned with the
above Fusion Materials and cannot
be Special Summoned by other
ways.

Once per turn, during either player's
turn, when your opponent activates
a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect: You can negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card.

Ay Dismantie

"Bt Generate

CA)


Frame 782: Immperian Magnum the Supercanductive Bat #E)
@ine aaa ®an00
Serpe rr

"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior"
“Bersarkion the clacton
fartior”
just be Fusion Summoned with the
ove Fusion Materials and canpot
pe Special Summoned by other
ways.
Once per tum, during either player's
turn, when your opponent activates
a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect: You can negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy.
thal card

& ; =

Can Dismantle 1

Dismannic

Generate


Frame 783: set pes «se

GR 22

Frame 784: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 785: ®ie ®4000 ©4000

IMachine/Fusion/Ettect],
"ABC-Dragon Buster" + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (trom
yout Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you control with the above original
names, and cannot be Special
Summonec by other ways. (You da
not use "Polymerization”.)

During either player's turn, when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discard 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

Ai ow w optain

Rolsted Cards

dite

x iiaro

Can Dismantle 0

Cannot Dismantts

Gens


Frame 786: set

as Bs M2

A-to-2-Dragon Buster Cannan

eiue ®anoo ®ano0

{Machine/Fusion/etfect
“ABC-Dragon Buster" + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you control with the above original
names. and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
hot use "Polymerization".)

During either player's turn. when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discard 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

Ch)

|
1

x ivoia

Can Dismantle 0
Cannot Dismiant

Na Gyr
f 8


Frame 787: ®anop 4000
7
"ABC-Dragon Buster” + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"
Must be Special Summoned (from
yout Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you control with the above original
names, and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization".)
During either player's turn, when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discatd 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destray

mo

1
& jvoso
CanDismantie 0

5% Cannot Disinantic


Frame 788: @ano0 ®a000

Tr
"ABC—Dragon Buster” + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you control with the above original
names, and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization".)

During either player's turn, when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discatd 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destray

gO -1

& jvos0

Can Dismantie

1
0

Cannot Disinantic


Frame 789: @ano0 ®a000

meet]
“ABC-Dragon Buster” + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you control with the above original
names, and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization".)

During either player's turn, when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discatd 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destray

geo

& 7)

Can Dismantie

1
0

Cannot Disinantic


Frame 790: sot

ee: EC

Gann ®a000

Cr
“ABC-Dragon Buster” + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you control with the above original
names, and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization".)

During either player's turn, when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discatd 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destray

‘Bt Generate


Frame 791: sot

a: SC

ae ®ano0 ®ao00

(Machine/Fuston/EHeet)
"ABC-Dragon Buster” + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you contro! with the above original
names, and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization”.)

During either player's turn, when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discard 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

ee Cannot Dismantie

|


Frame 792: i) 501

a: SC

ie 2 Doon es Co)
@i@ ®anop #4000
{Machine/Fuslon/EHect]
“ABC—Dragon Buster” + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (from

your Extra Deck) by banishing cards.
you contro! with the above original

|

names, and cannot be Special & isoio

Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization”.)

During either piayer's turn, when
your opponent activates a “
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discard 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

CanDismantle 0 a ]

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 793: i) 501

a: CT Ed

‘A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon)

@i@ ®anop #4000

(Machine/Fuston/EHect])
"ABC—Dragon Buster" + "XYZ—
Dragon Cannon"

Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by banishing cards
you control with the above original
names, and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization”.)

During either piayer's turn, when
your opponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect:
You can discard 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

|

Can Dismantle

How to Obtain


Frame 794: eine ®anoo S000

(Machine/Fusion/Etect)
“ABC-Dragon Buster” + "XYZ—
Dragan Cannon”

just be Special Summoned (from
q: Extra Deck) by banishing cards

u contro| wilh the above original
names. and cannot be Special
Summoned by other ways. (You do
not use "Polymerization".)
During either player's turn, when
your apponent activates a
Spell/Trap Card, ar manster effect:
__| You can discard 1 card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destray


Frame 795: (ser pee | se

GR 22

Frame 796: i) 501

2s ese

GR 22

Frame 797: Invoked Elysium —S
ee 3200 ©an00
(Faity/Fusion/entect! NN

1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster
thal was Special Summoned from
the Extra Deck

Must first be Fusion Summoned with
the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card
is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,
and WIND-Attribute.

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 “Invoked” monster you
contro| ar in your GY; banish It and
all monsters yaur oppanent controls
with the same Attribute as that

(AA How to optain

itis

& iain

Can Dismantia 1

a th +10

Dismanti


Frame 798: (sor Epes se 22
Invaked Elysium _J

@ie ©3200 an00

(Falry/Fusion/Effect!
1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster
thal was Special Summoned from
the Extra Deck

<q Must first be Fusion Summoned with

| the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card
is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,
and W|ND—Attribute.
Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target | “Invoked” monster you
control or in your GY; banish it and
all monsters your opponent controls =!
with the same Attribute as that

Tale > -30


Frame 799: set yzie «<@ese |= G22
Invoked Elysium _ ee)

eue ®s200 @a000

(Falry/Fusion/effect|___

1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster

thal was Special Summoned from

the Extra Deck

< Must first be Fusion Summoned with
the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card

is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,

Can Dismantle

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 "Invoked" monster you |
contral or in yaur GY; banish it and

all monsters your opponent controls ii
with the same Attribute as that

Dismant


Frame 800: sot

zis @ese | 22

wwotedtpsin
enue ®se00 ®ao00
(Falry/Fusion/Effectl =

1 “Invoked” monster + 1 monster
thal was Special Summoned from
the Extra Deck

Must first be Fusion Summoned with
the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card
is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 "Invoked" monster you
control or in yaur GY; banish it and
ail monsters your opponent controls
with the same Attribute as that

( )

& iio

Can Dismantle


Frame 801: sot

zis Gese | 22

wwotedEinnm
ee @3200 ®a000
(Falry/Fusion/effect!___

1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster
thal was Special Summoned from
the Extra Deck

Must first be Fusion Summoned with
the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card
is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 "Invoked" monster you
control or in yaur GY; banish it and
ail monsters your opponent controls
with the same Attribute as that

( )

& ivan

eo
Can Dismantle me


Frame 802: sot

zis Gese | i 22

eue ®3200 @a000

(Falry/Fusion/effect]
1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster
thal was Special Summoned from

the Extra Deck

Must first be Fusion Summoned with
the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card
is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 "Invoked" monster you
control or in your GY; banish it and
ail monsters your opponent controls
with the same Attribute as that

( »

& ivan

Can Dismantle


Frame 803: sot

zis @se | 22

ee ®3200 @a000

(Fal Fusion/éteet!
1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster
thal was Special Summoned from

the Extra Deck

Must first be Fusion Summoned with
the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card
is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 "Invoked" monster you
control or in your GY; banish it and
all monsters your opponent controls
with the same Attribute as that


Frame 804: set zis se = 22
—<—

e108 ®se200 #000

(Falry/Fusion/Effect! a — |

1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster

thal was Special Summoned from

the Extra Deck

< Must first be Fusion Summoned with
the above Fusion Materials.

While face-up on the field, this card

is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE,

Can Dismantle

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 "Invoked" monster you
contrat or in your GY; banish it and
all monsters your opponent controls 8! Gonorate ® -30
with the same Attribute as that =

Dismantle = +10


Frame 805: Invoked Elysium 6

@1u08 @®3200 $4000

(Fairy/Fusion/Effes]
1 “Invoked” monster + 1 monster
thal was Special Summoned from
the Extra Deck
ust first be Fusion Summoned with
ye above Fusion Materials,
While face-up on the field, this card
\s also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE.
and WIND—Attribute.
Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 “Invoked” monster you
control or in your GY; hanish it and
all monsters your opponent cantrols
with the same Attribute as that


Frame 806: ser zie «| se

GR 22

Frame 807: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 808: Draganinaid Sheou 7 6

@10e @3500 ©2000

[DragorvFualor/Elfect]
1 “Dragonmaid” monster + 1 Level
5 or higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower “Dragonmaid” monster trom
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that card, aiso,
after that, return this card to the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "House Draganmaia"

Cm)
= “How to obtain


Frame 809: set

Bas ss G2

——<—_—_——————

ee @3500 2000

(Dragon/FusiovEttect)

1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Level
5 or higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower "Dragonmaid” monster from
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card to the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Hause Draganmaid"

=
+

|
= Gaz)

Ca

Cannot Dismantio

ry


Frame 810: sot

a: SC

eu 3500 2000
{Dragon/Fusion/etfect]

1 “Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Level
5 of higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower "Dragonmaid monster from
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you da, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card to the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "House Dragonmaid"

Related Cards

* Cannot £

antic


Frame 811: sot

zis se 22

eu 3500 2000
{Dragon/Fusion/etfect]

1 “Dragonmaid” monster + 1 Level
5 of higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower "Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you da, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card to the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "House Dragonmaid"

Related Cards

% Cannot £

antic


Frame 812: sot

CT Ed

eu 3500 2000
{Dragon/Fusion/etfect]

1 “Dragonmaid” monster + 1 Level
5 of higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower "Dragonmaid” monster from
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you da, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card to the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "House Dragonmaid"

Related Cards

% Cannot £

antic


Frame 813: sot

zis se 22

ene oc!
{Dragon Flon/eeet)” NN

1 “Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Level
5 of higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower "Dragonmaid” monster from
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you da, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card to the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "House Dragonmaid"

* Cannot £

antic


Frame 814: sot

zis se | 22

enue 3500 2000
{Dragon/Fusion/etfect]

1 “Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Level
5 of higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower "Dragonmaid” monster from
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you da, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card to the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "House Dragonmaid"

Related Cards

* Cannot £

antic


Frame 815: sot

ee: SC Ed

a1 ®as00 ®2000

(Dragon/Fusion/Etfect)
1 “Dragonmaid” monster + 1 Level
5 of higher Dragon monster
During each Standby Phase: You
can Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
lower "Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you da, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card ta the
Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "House Dragonmaid"

Related Cards

CanDismantle 0

Bs Cannot

antic


Frame 816: ——_——_

aie @as00 $2000
(Dragon/Fusionentet]
1 “Dragonmaid” monster + 1 Level
5 or higher Dragon monster
ring each Standby Phase: You
an Special Summon 1 Level 9 or
ower "Dragonmaid” monster {rom
your hand or GY.
When your opponent activates 2
card or effect (Quick Effect): You
can negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that card, also,
after that, return this card ta the

Extra Deck, and if you do, Special
Summon | "House Draganmaid”

Ca
u

Ca)

Caiinat Dismantic

Gunsrate


Frame 817: ser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 818: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 819: @n @ @3200 ©2500
(ragon/Fusion!
“Summoned Skull" + "Red—Eyes
Black Dragon"

(This card Is always treated as an
“Archfiend” card.)

(Aa tow to onian


Frame 820: (sor Ryze se 22
Black Skull Dragon) ED

@s G @3200 2500

{ragon/Fuaioal |
“Summoned Skull" + "Red—Eyes

Black Dragon" ( Chreiaes cara)

4. (This card is always treated as an
"Archfiend" card.)

a og
?


Frame 821: Gi 591

re Bs G22

3200 2500

“Summoned Skul
Black Dragon”

(This card is always treated as an
"Archfiend" card.)

1
& irio

CanDismantie 0

‘2 Guneiale
# Guneial

C RM)
=)
BR -

a Cannot Disinanile


Frame 822: Gi 591

ae Bs G22

Tua sui Dalen EE)

3200 2500
ion

"Summoned Skul ed—Eyes
Black Dragon”

(This card is always treated as an
"Archfiend" card.)

ua
t

CA)

Cannot Disinanile

Gunerate


Frame 823: Gi 591

ae Bs G22

3200 2500
io

"Summoned Skul ed-Eyes
Black Dragon”

(This card is always treated as an
“Archfiend” card.)

ry
t

CA)

Cannot Disinanile

Generate


Frame 824: sot

zis se | 22

texan a ST

®3200 2500

“Summoned Skull" +
Black Dragon"

jed—Eyes

(This card is always treated as an
"Archfiend" card.)

CA)

Cannot ©

& ivaio

CanDismantie 0

a
t

Guneraie


Frame 825: sot

rs se ze

Black Skull Dragon
a5 o
(Dragon/Fi
"Summoned Skull! +
Black Dragon"

(This card |s always treated as an
“Archfiend” card.)

Ca)

Cannot Dismantle

& jroo

CanDismantle 0

Generate -30


Frame 826: sot

ee: SC Ed

an @ ®3200 #2500
(Dragon/Fusion]

“Summoned Skull" + "Red—Eyes
Black Dragon"

(This card is always treated as an
“Archfiend” card.)

CA)


Frame 827: sot

en: SC Ed

an @ ®3200 #2500
(Dragon/Fusion]

“Summoned Skull" + "Red—Eyes
Black Dragon"

(This card is always treated as an
“Archfiend” card.)

CA)


Frame 828: sot

zis @ese | i 22

a5 @ @3200 $2500
(ragon/Fusion)

“Summoned Skull" + "Red—Eyes
Black Dragon"

(This card is always treated as an
“Archfiend” card.)

ry
t

Generate

nnot Dismantle

-30


Frame 829: “Summoned Skull" + "Red—Eyes
Black Dragon”

qos card |s always treated as an
rArchfiend” card.)

Generate

® -30


Frame 830: ser 21s | se

GR 22

Frame 831: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 832: en @

[DragorFustorvetect)

1 "Dragonmaid” monster + 1
Dragon monster

‘Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase; You can targel 1 other
"Dragonmaid" monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid’
monster from your hand or GY in
Defense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it

When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you cantrol returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

CA)

—7,
Can Dismantie 0

je Dismantis


Frame 833: set

rs ss G2

es © @s000 $2000

[Dragon/Fusienettect]
1 "Dragonmaid” monster + 1
Dragon monster

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase; You can target 1 other
“Dragonmaid" monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY in
Defense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it

When another face-up Dragon
manster(s) you control returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

==

Cannot Dismantic

i -30


Frame 834: sot

SC

es © 3000 2000
(Dragon/Fusion/ettect]
1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1

Dragon monster

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can target 1 other
"Dragonmaid” monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY in
Detense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it.

When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you control returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

=
CanDismantie 0 Led

Cannot Dismantie

i

#! Generate ‘> -30


Frame 835: sot

a: CT Ed

as @ ®s000 ®2000

(Dragon/Fusion/Ettect]
1 “Dragonmaid” monster + 1
Dragon monster

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can target 1 other
“Dragonmaid" monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY in
Detense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it

When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you control returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

=
Can Dismantie 0 od

Cannot Dismantie

i

#! Generate ‘P -30


Frame 836: sot

Td
House Dragonmaid ie 3 = a —
as @ ®so000 @2000 Cm)
(Dragon/Fusion/ettect]

1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1
Dragon monster

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can target 1 other
"Dragonmaid” monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY in
Detense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it.

When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you control returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

=
CanDismantie 0 Led

Cannot Dismantie

i

Generate ‘ -30


Frame 837: sot

zis se | 22

as @ ®so000 ®2000

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect]
1 “Dragonmaid” monster + 1
Dragon monster

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can target 1 other
“Dragonmaid" monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY in
Detense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it

When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you contral returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

=
CanDismantle 0 od

Cannot Dismantie

i

Generate a)


Frame 838: sot

a: CT
House Dragonmaid ee a ——
es ©  @ CH)
(Dragon/Fusion/etfect]

1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1
Dragon monster

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can target 1 other
"Dragonmaid” monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY in
Detense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it.

When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you control returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

Can Dismantle

Cannot Dismantie

i

#! Generate > -30


Frame 839: sot yzie «se |= G22

a5 © 3000 2000
(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1

Dragon monster

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can target 1 other
"Dragonmaid” monster you control;
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY in
Detense Position, whose Level is 1
higher or 1 lower than it.

When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you control returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

& jsoio
(Ee -
Can Dismantle (i ind if z

oy inot Dismantie

ra

#! Generate  -30


Frame 840: Hause Dragenmaid — ®
es ®s3000 2000
(Dragon/Fuslowetet]”
1 “Dragonmaid" monster + 1

Dragon monster

<= per lum, during the Standby

ase: You can larget 1 other
Dragonmaid” monster you contro!)
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY in
Defense Position, whose Level is 1
higher er 1 lower than it.
When another face-up Dragon
monster(s) you contro) returns to
your hand (except during the
Damage Step): You can target 1

& 7 c=
coaDimente 0 (EY -t

Generate “H} -30


Frame 841: set pers «| se

GR 22

Frame 842: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 843: Vision HERO Trinity

@e ® ®2500 ©2000
[Warrlor/Fuston/Ettect)
3 “HERO” monsters

After this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's

ATK becomes double its original
ATK,

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase.

Cannot attack directly

L cai

+1

& Haro

Can Dismantla 1

4B Dismantle

(2 Generate
2 General


Frame 844: set

rs ss G2

Vision HERO Trinity a)
@s @ ®2s00 ®2000
(Warrlor/Fusiowettect]
3 "HERO" monsters

After this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's

| ATK becomes double its original

ATK,

‘This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

~— a
i=


Frame 845: sot

en: SC Ed

Vision HERO Trinity

a5 8 2500 $2000
(Warrior/Fusion/ettect]
3 "HERO" monsters

Alter this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's

ATK becomes double its original
ATK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

( 3
1

CanDismantle 1

-%  Dismantie

1 Generale ® -30


Frame 846: sot

Sd

a5 8 2500 $2000
(Wartior/Fusion/ettect]
3 "HERO" monsters

Alter this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's

ATK becomes double its original
ATK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

( P
1

CanDismantle 1

“8% Dismantie

2 Generale ® -30


Frame 847: sot

Ed

as 8 ®zs00 $2000
(Warttor/Fusion/ettect]
3 "HERO" monsters

Alter this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's

ATK becomes double its original
ATK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

( 3
1

CanDismantle 1

“RE Dismantie

2 Generale  -30


Frame 848: sot

zis ese | 22
Vision HERO Trinity | a
es 8 ~— ®zeu0 @ 2000 Ca)

(Wartlor/Fusion/ettect]

3 "HERO" monsters

Alter this card. is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's
ATK becomes double its original
ATK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

:
& ivaso
q 1
Can Dismantie 1 ]

-%  Dismantie

“@) Generale  -30


Frame 849: sot

zis se | 22

Vain HERO Tinky |

es 8 ®2s00 2000
(Warrlor/Fusion/ettect)
3 “HERO” monsters

Alter this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's
ATK becomes double its original

ATK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

1
& ivaio

CanDismantle 1


Frame 850: sot

en: SC

Vision HERO Trinity =

a5 8 @zs00 2000
(Warrlor/Fusion/etteet]
3 "HERO" monsters

After this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's

ATK becomes double its original
ATK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

"@! Generate © -30


Frame 851: sot

zis se 22

Vision HERO Trinity _——)

a5 8 @zs00 2000
(Warrlor/Fusion/etteet]

3 "HERO" monsters

After this card is Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's
ATK becomes double its original
ATK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase

Cannot attack directly.

Ca)

> Dismantle =~) +10

"@! Generate © -30


Frame 852: Mision HERO Trinity 7 ee |

es @ ®ezsu0 S2000

(Warrior/Fusion/Ettect]
3 "HERO" monsters

After this card |s Fusion Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, this card's
TK becomes double its original
TK.

This Fusion Summoned card can
make up to 3 attacks during each
Battle Phase.

Cannot attack directly.

eae
J -1
CanDismantie 1 (ES
Dismantte (FP +10
(Generate “H -30


Frame 853: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 854: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 855: ‘The Dark Magicians Ps a |

een @2a00 @2500
[Spellcaster/Fusion/ENect) NN
“Dark Magician” or * Dark Magician
Girl" + 1 Spellcaster monster

Once per tum, if a Spell/Trap Card

oF effect is activated (except during
the Damage Step): You can draw 1

card, then if it was a Spell/Trap. you 3io10
can Set it, ano if it was a Trap or

Quick—Play Spell, you can activate it Gan Dismantle 0
this turn

Hf this card is destroyed: You can Cannot
Special Summon both 1 “Dark —
Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician 1 Sonali

rl" from your hand, Deck, and/ar

Ca)
( AM sow to ontain
a] =f

Didmantic


Frame 856: (sor yee se a2
The Dark Magicians ___ Ch)

@s 2 @2a00 62300 i]

|) (Spetieaster/F sion MSc NNN |

“Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician
Girl" + 1 Spelicaster monster
Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card

<q of effect is activated (except during 2 (=) >

the Damage Step): You can draw 1

card, then if it was a Spell/Trap, you gy 3210/0
can Set it, and if it was a Trap or ( =

QuickPlay Spell, you can activate it Can Dlsmantle _@ | _
this turn

If this card is destrayed: You can a Cannot Dismantie
Special Summon both 1 "Dark

Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician i Generate 30

" from your hand, Deck, and/or


Frame 857: sot

en: SC

‘The Dark Magicians ee) = «=

a5 9 ®ze00 ®2300

“Dark Magician” or "Dark Magician
Girl” + 1 Spellcaster monster
Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card

oF effect is activated (except during
card, then if it was a Spell/Trap, you g& 2/010

can Set it, and if it was a Trap or —
Quick-Play Spell, you can activate it CanDismantis 0

this turn.

IF this card is destrayed: You can
Special Summon both 1 "Dark
Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician ia ceatoe
Girl* from your hand, Deck, and/or 5 :

Cannot Dismantic


Frame 858: sot

ee: ST

‘The Dark Magicians ee] = «=

a5 9 ®ze00 ®2300

“Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician
Girl” + 1 Spellcaster monster
Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card

oF effect is activated (except during
card, then if it was a Spell/Trap, you g 20/0

can Set it, and if it was a Trap or ——
Quick-Play Spell, you can activate it CanDismantis 0

this turn.

If this card is destrayed: You can
Special Summon both 1 "Dark
Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician OE pce
Girl* from your hand, Deck, and/or : Z

Cannot Dismantic


Frame 859: sot

SC

‘The Dark Magicians 8 = CA)
geo 2800 62300

{Spolleaster/Fuelon/etteet mm ——
“Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician

Girl” + 1 Spellcaster monster

Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card

or effect is activated (except during
the Damage Step): You can draw 1
i

card, then if it was a Spell/Trap, you _ =
can Set it, and if it was a Trap or

Quick-Play Spell, you can activate it CanDismantis 0
this turn.

If this card is destrayed: You can
Special Summon both 1 "Dark
Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician OE pag
Girl” from your hand, Deck, and/or u Z

Cannot Dismantic


Frame 860: sot

2s se | 22

‘The Dark Magicians 7 = «=

ea 9

“Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician

Girl” + 1 Spellcaster monster
Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card

or effect is activated (except during
the Damage Step): You can draw 1

card, then if it was a Spell/Trap, you g C=”
can Set it, and if it was a Trap or

Quick—Play Spell, you can activate it CanDismantis 0
this turn.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon both 1 "Dark
Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician Sa coetae
Girl* from your hand, Deck, and/or 5 5

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 861: sot

Le: CT Ed

‘The Dark Magicians ee = a

Le ®ze00 62300

{Spollcaster/Fuslon/EHGAT NNN ——

“Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician
Girl” + 1 Spellcaster monster
Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card

or effect is activated (except during
card, then ifit was a Spell/Trap, you 3010

can Set it, and if it was a Trap or ——

Quick—Play Spell, you can activate it CanDismantie O\°C™

this turn.

IF this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon both 1 "Dark
Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician ha ceatoe
Girl" from your hand, Deck, and/or ‘ S

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 862: sot

2s ese | 22

‘The Dark Magicians fra ©]

®B 9 ®zen0 2300

{Spellcaster/Fusion/etteet]
"Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician
Girl” + 1 Spelicaster monster

Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card
or effect is activated (except during
the Damage Step): You can draw 1
card, then if it was a Spel/Trap, you
can Set it, and if it was a Trap or
Quick-Play Spell, you can activate it
this turn.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon both 1 "Dark
Magician” and 1 “Dark Magician
Girl” from your hand, Deck, and/or


Frame 863: set pets se = 22
The Dark Magicians = Cn)

®B 9 ®ze00 2300

{Spelicaster/Fuslon/EHzel NNN

"Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician

Girl" + 1 Spellcaster monster
Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card

or effect is activated (except during 2

the Damage Step): You can draw 1
card, then if it was a SpellTrap, you 2/0/0

can Set it, and if it was a Trap or ( =A

Quick—Play Spell, you can activate it CanDismantie 0 \™ _

this turn

If this card is destroyed: You can re Cannot Dismantie
Special Summon both 1. "Dark

Magician" and 1 “Dark Magician ry

Girl" from your hand, Deck, and/or u 2


Frame 864: rn | an
@a a @®2a00 62300

{Spollcaster/Fuslowettact) { afd How to optain

“Dark Magician" or “Dark Magician
Girl" + 1 Spelicaster monster

nce per tum, if a Spell/Trap Card
1 effect is activated (except during
1 Damage Step): You can draw 1
card, then if it was a Spel/Trap, you 31010

can Set it, and if t was a Trap or ( 4
Quick=Play Speli, you can activate it CanDismantle _0 Res =
this turn

If this card is destroyed: You can si
Special Summon both 1 "Dark =
Magician" and 1 “Dark Magician rare
Girl" from your hand, Deck, and/or :

Cannot Dikinantic

® -30


Frame 865: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 866: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 867: 9 3000 $2500
[Spelicastor/Fusion/EHect]

“Dark Magician" + 1 “Chaos” or
“Black Luster Soldier" Ritual
Monster

If this card is Fusion Summoned:
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it.

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

It this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card cffect:
You can target 1 Spell in your GY;

Ca)
(2 =)

Cannes Dl

a Biro

Can Dismantie 0

mantle

General

Vv


Frame 868: set

Bes ss G2

Master of Chaos 8

eee $3000 ®2500

{[Spelicaster/Fuslowentect]
"Dark Magician" + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier” Ritual
Monster

If this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

If this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell in your GY;

¢ 4
=a

2
~ Cz)

not Dismantic


Frame 869: sot

2s se 22
a5 9 ®s000 2500

"Dark Magician" + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier" Ritual
Monster

IF this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

if this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell In your GY;

Bos Cannot

‘Bt Generate 42 -30


Frame 870: sot

zis Gese i 22
a5 9 @s000 #2500
=

"Dark Magician” + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier" Ritual
Monster

IF this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

if this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell In your GY;

Bos Cannot

‘Bt Generate 42 -30


Frame 871: set yzie «se =| G22

a5 9 @s000 #2500

"Dark Magician” + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier" Ritual
Monster

IF this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

if this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell In your GY;

(dl How 1 ontan
EQ -1

2
& 3/010

CanDismantle 0

Bos Cannot

\@) Generate 30


Frame 872: sot

en: SCT

ee

Pay ee ®s3000 2500
| (AM How to obtain

{(Spolicaster/Fusion/etfect)
"Dark Magician” + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier" Ritual
Monster

IF this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

if this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell In your GY;

\@! Generate 30


Frame 873: sot

zis ese | 22

Master af Chaos 7

a5 @ ®s000 $2500
[Spolicaster/Fusion/etfect]
“Dark Magician" + 1 "Chaos" or
“Black Luster Soldier" Ritual
Monster

If this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

If this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell In your GY;

F
| (Aono onan

a snerate c
Ge 30


Frame 874: i) 501

a: SC Ed
ype ce =| ==
a5 90 ®s3000 #2500

{Spellcaster/Fusion/etteet]
"Dark Magician” + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier” Ritual
Monster

If this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

if this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell in your GY;

EB Cannot Dism

“Bt Gonerate ® -30


Frame 875: sot

a: SC
a5 9 ®3000 2500

{Spellcaster/Fusion/etteet]
"Dark Magician” + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier” Ritual
Monster

If this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

if this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell in your GY;

EB Cannot Dism

“Bl Generate


Frame 876: i) 501

zis ese | 22

Master of Chaos _@]

a5 9 ®s3000 2500

{Spellcaster/Fusion/Etteet)
"Dark Magician” + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier” Ritual
Monster

If this card is Fusion Summoned;
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters
your opponent controls

if this Fusion Summoned card is
destroyed by battle or card effect:
You can target 1 Spell in your GY;

EB Cannot Dism

=
(Cretaea cara) Cards

i:

“Bt Gunerate ® -30


Frame 877: as & ®3000 2500
(SpotasterFuslewetcey” NN

"Dark Magician" + 1 "Chaos" or
"Black Luster Soldier” Ritual
Monster

this card is Fusion Summoned;
‘ou can target 1 LIGHT or DARK

‘monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

You can Tribute 1 LIGHT and 1
DARK monster; banish all monsters

your opponent controls

IF this Fusion Summoned card js

destrayed by battle ar card affect:

You can target 1 Spell In your GY;

CA)
~—)

& 2/0/0
tontiments 0 (ES -' )
&é EaniA0h Diemantie

ap

Generate Ba


Frame 878: (ser pers «| se

GR 22

Frame 879: ip 591

2s se

GR 22

Frame 880: ‘Sky Galloping Gaia the!

oe @za00 @2100
(regonFuston/etteet)

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+ 1 Dragon-Type monster

This card's ame becomes "Gala
the Dragon Champion® while it fs on
the fleid.

If this card is Special Summoned
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Sitike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
‘on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster.

& iro

o( 7)

Can Diamante

Cann

CAH)

“A How to obtain

Ll

Ps


Frame 881: (ser pais se 22
Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragan Champion C A)

e7a @2e00 2100 |

(bragen/Fuslowerect

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Dragon—Type monster
This card's name becomes "Gala i
the Dragon Champion’ while it ison »
q the field. boa +1

If this card is Special Summoned & volo
You can add 1 “Spiral Spear Strike" Se EQ -1
from your Deck or Graveyard to Sen Diomartie 0

your hand

When this card declares an attack
on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that ‘Gen
opponent's monster.

- Cannot Dist


Frame 882: set yzie «se = G22
Sky Gallaping Gaia the Di
ee ®2500 @2100

( fi)
(Oragon/Fuslonvetet] (Aono onan

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Drayon—Type monster , ==
This card's name becomes "Gaia
< the Dragon Champion" while it is on
the field.
ois ial 4)

If this card is Special Summoned: 70/0
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
‘on an opponent's manster: You can
change the battle pasifion of that (8 Generals = -30
opponent's monster,

Can dismantle 0 [ES

Cannot Disinantic


Frame 883: sot

rs se Gee

2 Sig i Dg TA

ea 2500 @2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ENtecth
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while it is on
the field.

If this card Is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
‘on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster,

C fe)
"AA tow 10 obtain

Related Cards

B+

Bo

Cannot Disinantia

1
& jvaio

CanDismantle 0

Generate  -30


Frame 884: sot

en: CT Ed
Sky Gallaping Gaia the Di CA)
ee 2500 @2100

(Dragan/Fusion/ENtecth
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while it is on
the field.

If this card Is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
‘on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster,

= {Ml How to obtain
(Ci retatea cara)


Frame 885: sot

zis @ese | 22
ee as
ee 2500 #2100

(Oragon/Fusionvefteet]
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while it is on
the field.

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
‘on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster,

1
B+
& jroo
=== CED

Cannot Disinantie

rt A ‘> -30
Generale 30


Frame 886: sot

CT
3 aii a ern Ca
ee 2500 #2100

(Oragon/Fusion/efteet]
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion" while it is on
the field.

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
‘on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster,

i]
B+
= jroo
== CD

Cannot Dismantic

ry VL  -30
Generate 30


Frame 887: sot

ae: SC Ed

Sky Galloping Gaia the Drago
a7 @ ®2s00 $2100
(Oragon/Fusion/eftedt]
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while it is on
the field.

If this card is Special Summoned:

You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to

your hand.

When this card declares an attack

on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster,

CA)


Frame 888: i) 501

a: SC

Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragan Champion = CA)

a7 @ ®2e00 62100

{Dragon/Fuslow/Efteet] NNN

1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster
This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion" while it is on 1

If this card is Special Summoned:  & jroo @e. )
a}

You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"

from your Deck or Graveyard to E=aeaamimilla=G |
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
‘on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that "Bt Generate
opponent's monster,

& Cannot Dismantie

30


Frame 889: i) 501

a: SC

Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragan Champion

a7 G ®2e00 62100

(Dragon/Fusion/eftet]
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion" while it is on
the field.

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster.

— (a=

:
& jroo
CanDismantle 0 ia )

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 890: sot

a: SC Ed

Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragon |
a7 « enon $2100

(ragon/Fusion/Eftect]
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion" while it is on
the field.

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard to
your hand:

When this card declares an attack
on an opponent's manster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster.

Generate

ry


Frame 891: i) 501

ae: CT Ed

a7 G ®2e00 62100

(Dragon/Fusion/efteet]
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion" while it is on
the field.

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard ta
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster.

CA)

1

Can Dismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie

al Generate ® -30


Frame 892: set pets se = 22

Sky Galoping Gal the Dragon CRaNN A
a7 G ®2e00 62100
(Dragon/Fusion/eftect]
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster.
+ 1 Dragon—Type monster

< This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion" while it is on
the field.

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike"
from your Deck or Graveyard ta
your hand.

When this card declares an attack
on an opponent's monster: You can
change the battle position of that
opponent's monster.


Frame 893: @7 & ®ze00 $2100

(Dragon/Fusion/Etfecth

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster

+1 Dragon—Type monster

This card's name becomes "Gala

q: Dragon Champion" while it is on
2 field.

If this card is Special Summoned:

You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike”

from your Deck or Graveyard ta

your hand.

When this card declares an attack

on an opponent's monster: You can

change the battle pasition of that

opponent's monster.

(Aiba to obtain

& yt)
( ae
CanDismantls (ES 1,

Generate 30


Frame 894: ser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 895: ip 591

2s se

GR 22

Frame 896: i |

oe 2500 ®2n00

[Cyberse/Fuslon/ENect! NN
"Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters
When this card is Fusion
Summoned You can send cards
from the top of your Deck Lo the
GY, equal to the tolal Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summan, and if you do, until
the end of the next tum, other
monsters you contral cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent ta the GY by this
effect.

While you contrel\a Link Manster(s),

5 BO +4
=i Ca)

AS Dismantie «= +10


Frame 897: (sor Bye se 22
Cyberse Clock Dragon) aD

e7 a @zsn0 ©2000 |
(Cyberse/FusionvEttect] | e How to Obtain
"Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters

When this card is Fusion

Summoned: You can send cards
<q from the top of your Deck to the 1 >
| GY, equal to the total Link Rating of —— La
the materials used for this card's 3 iow
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until Eg -1
the end of the next turn, other cee |

monsters you control cannot attack,
aiso this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this
affect.

While you control a Link Monster(s),


Frame 898: sot

Td

Cyberse Clock Dragon ——
ee ®z500 62000 CA)
(Cyberse/Fusion/Effect] di How to obtain

“Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters
When this card is Fusion
Summoned: You can send cards
from the top of your Deck to the
GY, equal to the total Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until
the end of the next turn, other
monsters you cantrol cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this
effect.

While you contro! a Link Monster(s),

& iain

Can Dismantle

a

Dismantie


Frame 899: sot

a: CT Ed

Cyberse Clock Dragon a?
ee ®z500 ©2000 CA)
(Cyberse/Fusiow/Effect} Al How 10 obtain

“Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters
When this card is Fusion
Summoned: You can send cards
from the top of your Deck to the
GY, equal to the total Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until
the end of the next turn, other
monsters you cantrol cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this
effect.

While you control a Link Monster(s),

1
& iain
et
Can Dismantle 1 _
i Dismantle = GP +10

3 Generate > -30
t &


Frame 900: (591

Byes se a2

Cyberse Clack Dragon. __ 8 r

ra aan aes a-
"Clock Wyvern” + 1+ Link Monsters

When this card is Fusion
Summoned: You can send cards

from the top of your Deck to the 1

GY, equal to the total Link Rating of (me +)

the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until
the end of the next turn, other
monsters you control cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this
effect.

While you control a Link Monster(s), _!


Frame 901: i) 591

Byes se a2

Cyberse Clock Dragon ~——@)

a7 8 @®e2s00 #2000

(Cyberse/Fusion/eftect! NN
“Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters.
When this card is Fusion
Summoned: You can send cards
from the top of your Deck te the
GY, equal to the total Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until
the end of the next turn, other
monsters you control cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this
effect.

While you control a Link Manster(s),

Dismantie i +10

Generate -30


Frame 902: i) 591

Byers se a2

Cyberse Clack Dragon. ee]

a7 8 ®eso0 $2000

(Cyberse/Fusion/eftect! NN
“Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters
When this card is Fusion
Summoned: You can send cards
from the top of your Deck te the
GY, equal to the total Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until
the end of the next turn, other
monsters you control cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this
effect.

While you control a Link Manster(s),

=~ a
ic
1

Can Dismantle 7

acd

Dismant

Generate


Frame 903: sot

yes se) a2

Cyberse Clack Dragon

a7 @ @esn0 #2000
(Cyberse/Fusion/eftect!

"Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters
When this card is Fusion
Summoned: You can send cards
from the top of your Deck to the
GY, equal to the total Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until
the end of the next turn, other
monsters you control cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this
effect.

While you control a Link Manster(s),

, o=n
Can Dismantle

‘S  Dismantie

Gee Card:


Frame 904: ser yes ae hee
Cyberse Clock Dragon

a7 B ®2s00 #2000

[cyberse/Fusion/etfect! ==
“Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters
When this card is Fusion

Summoned: You can send cards

from the top of your Deck te the

GY, equal to the tolal Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until
the end of the next turn, other
monsters you control cannot attack,
also this card gains 1000 ATK for Ay Dismantle +10
each card sent to the GY by this
effect.

While you control a Link Manster(s),

Can Dismantle


Frame 905: Cyherse Clock Dragon a |
a7 @ @®aso0 ®2000
(Cyberse/Fuslowettect]
"Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters

When this card is Fusion
Gomes You can send cards

fom the top of your Deck to the

iY, equal to the total Link Rating of
the materials used for this card's jroo
Fusion Summon, and if you do, until

= Ey
El -1i
the end of the next turn, other oT 4

monsters you control cannot attack,

a\so this card gains 1000 ATK for
each card sent to the GY by this

eect. Ganerate CH -30
While you cantrol a Link Monster(s), | aa mid

ismantie Gi +10


Frame 906: iy se1

zie =e

GR 22

Frame 907: iy set

zie pss

GR 22

Frame 908: Gaia the Magical’ Kight of Dragons a

ae 2300 ®2100

IDragor/Fuston/etfect]

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster

+1 Level § Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gala

the Dragon Champion” while on the

field.

You can only use each of the =
following effects of "Gaia the +:
Magical Knight of Dragons" once cate 9(F 1) Bismortie 0
per turn. ——

During the Main Phase (Quick &
Effect): You can target 1 other card

on the field; this card loses exactly {Generale
2600 ATK, and if It does, destroy

Cannot

Cr)

cman

-20


Frame 909: 591

i:

Coico Uogca aol

a7 6 @2e00 2100

[Dragon/Fuslowettect]
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons” once
per turn

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and if It does, destroy

Ea (me 1 ) +1

& inn /o/0
Can dismantle 0 (ET -_

Bs Cannot Dismantie


Frame 910: sot

yes se ae

a7 @ ®ze00 ©2100

(Dragon/Fusion/effect)
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magicat Knight of Dragons” once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

& jvo1o

=
CanDismantie 0 (EY

2 Cannot Dismantie
Generate

‘a a
i = -30


Frame 911: sot

yes se a2

a7 @ ®ze00 ©2100

(Dragon/Fusion/effect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magicat Knight of Dragons” once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

& jvo1o

yi
CanDismantie 0 (EY!

2 Cannot Dismantie
Generate

‘a aes
i = -30


Frame 912: so

yes se ae

a7 @ ®ze00 ©2100

(Dragon/Fusion/Effect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magicat Knight of Dragons” once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

& jvo1o

yi
Candismantie 0 (EY!

2 Cannot Dismantie
Generate

‘ 7 3
i  -30


Frame 913: sot

yes se ae
xR
aro ®2e00 ©2100

(Dragon/Fusion/Effect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magicat Knight of Dragons" once
per turn,

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

|
& jvo1o
ad —3

CanDismantle 0
Es Cannot Dismantie

NB Generate ® -30
Gener ® -30


Frame 914: sot

yes se a2
cxmoes
a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/Effect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magicat Knight of Dragons" once
per turn,

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

|
& jvo10
al =3

CanDismantle 0
“ Cannot Dismantie

Bt Generate ® -30
Gener ® -30


Frame 915: ss

yes se ae

a7 @ ®2e00 @2100

(Dragon/Fusionettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons" once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

=

a


Frame 916: ss

yes se a2

a7 ge ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons" once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

=

a


Frame 917: sot pers se ae
Gaia the Magical Knight of Dragons)

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fuslon/eteet! NNN
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion" while on the 4
field.

You can only use each of the & jro10
following effects of "Gaia the 4
Magical Knight of Dragons" once 2
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly 8) Gopoyate © 30

2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy E

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 918: ss

Byes se a2

Gis bo usa eon

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 919: ss

Byes se ae

Gas bo usa co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 920: ss

yes se a2

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly its!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 921: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 922: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusionvettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 923: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo toga co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 924: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo ug eo

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 925: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo toga co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 926: ss

yes se a2

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusiowettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 927: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo toga co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusionettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 928: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 929: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusionettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 930: ss

yes se a2

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusionvettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 931: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo toga co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusiowettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 932: ss

yes se ae

Gas bo ug co

a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusion/ettet)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia

the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the

Magical Knight of Dragons" once

per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 933: ss

yes se ae

a7 2500 2100
(Dragon/Fusionettet)

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons" once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 934: ss

yes se a2

Gas bo ug co

a7 2500 2100
(Dragon/Fusionettet)

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons" once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 935: ss

yes se ae

a7 2500 2100
(Dragon/Fusionvettect)

1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight” monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons" once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly ts!
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy


Frame 936: a7 @ ®2e00 ®2100

(Dragon/Fusionettect)
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+1 Level 5 Dragon monster

This card's name becomes "Gaia
the Dragon Champion” while on the
field.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons" once
per turn.

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and If it does, destroy

=f

est ‘Cannot Dismantie

ry

1
& jroo

CanDismantle 0

&® -30

Generate


Frame 937: cae haloes

a7 @ @ze00 2100
1 “Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster
+ 1 Level § Dragon monster
his card's name becomes "Gaia
fhe Dragon Champion” while on the
eid.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Gaia the
Magical Knight of Dragons" once
per tum.
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect)’ You can target 1 other card
on the field; this card loses exactly
2600 ATK, and if |t does, destroy


Frame 938: (ijser  epere | se

GR 22

Frame 939: (ijser  epere «| se

GR 22

Frame 940: a1 2500 @1200
IFairywFusionvenect!

1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster
Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by sending the
above cards you control to the GY,
Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 monster from
your hand.

Wf this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 card on the field;
destroy it

You can only Special Summon
“Elder Entity N'tss(s)" ance per
dum

& tion
Can lamntin 1 (E21 )


Frame 941: 591

eee Gese  d22

e4 8 2500 ©1200

| Fairy/Fusion/Etfect]

1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster
Must be Special Summoned (irom
your Extra Deck) by sending the
above cards you control to the GY,
Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 monster from
your hand

I this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 card on the field:
destroy it

You can only Special Summon

“Elder Entity N'tss(s)" once per
turn.

& ivoi0

4S Dismantie = @ +10

snverale  -30

= ¢


Frame 942: 591

yes se a2
Elder Entity N'tss 8 4 »)
a4 8 Oat ®1200
{Falry/Fuslon/etfee

1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster
Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by sending the
above cards you control to the GY,
Once per turn; You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 monster from
your hand.

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 card on the field;
destroy it.

You can only Special Summon
"Eider Entity N'tss(s)" ance per
turn.


Frame 943: 501

yes se ae

Elder Entity N'tss 8

a4 8 ®zs00 1200
(Fairy/Fusion/ettectl
1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster
Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by sending the
above cards you control to the GY,
Once per turn; You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 monster from
your hand,

IF this card is sent to the GY: You

can target 1 card on the field;
destroy it.

You can only Special Summon

"Eider Entity N'tss(s)" ance per

turn.


Frame 944: 591

yes se ae

a4 8 @zs00 1200
(Fairy/Fusion/ettectl
1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster
Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by sending the
above cards you control to the GY,
Once per turn; You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 monster from
your hand,

IF this card is sent to the GY: You

can target 1 card on the field;
destroy it.

You can only Special Summon

"Eider Entity N'tss(s)” ance per

turn.


Frame 945: ss

yes se ae

Elder Entity N'tss |

a4 8 ®2s00 1200

(Fairy/Fusion/Etect]
1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster
Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by sending the
above cards you control to the GY,
Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 monster from
your hand:

IF this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 card on the field;
destroy it.
You can only Special Summon
"Fider Entity N'tss(s)" ance per
turn.


Frame 946: ss

yes se ae

Elder Entity N'tss es

aa 8 ®es00 1200
(Falry/Fusion/Ettect]

1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster
Must be Special Summoned (from
your Extra Deck) by sending the
above cards you control to the GY,
Once per turn: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 monster from
your hand,

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 card on the field;
destroy it.

You can only Special Summon
"Elder Entity N'tss(s)” once per
turn.

Seale ® -30


Frame 947: Elder Entity N'tss _ & Ch)

e168 ®zs00 1200

{Falry/Fusion/eieeil__ nN
1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster

Must be Special Summoned (from
our Extra Deck) by sending the

i cards you control to the GY. at
ince per (um: You can Special aad

Summon 1 Level 4 monster from & isoio
your hand Can Di ai “ad )

If this card is sent to the GY: You

can target 1 card on the field;
destroy it AE Dismantic = @® +10

You can only Special Summon
"Elder Entity N'tss(s)” once. per "P  Ganerats
turn. a =


Frame 948: ijser  epere | se

GR 22

Frame 949: &)

5 Shacite ami,

ee ea000

(oreaa Synchre/eiiag]_—
“Majestic Dragon 1+ nan—Turier
monsters, includine ¢ Drayan .
Synchro Monster
Must first be Synchro Summanedt 4 |
Qpee per tur: You can pegatethes
effects cl 7 Elect Monster your
oppenent controls
this card-gains Padéiticnal attack |
' each Battle Phase ior every monster
In your GY that 1a, "SiarduspDtagna® | 9 — Dlsmantie
of is a Synehre Manster with
“Btaroust Dragon’ in Its text.“ -— «
Once per tum. when vour enpanent


Frame 950: 3 ss @
‘Shooting Majestic

@ue @®a000 ©3300
| [DragorvSynehro/Etect)
"Majestic Dragon" + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters, including a Dragon

Synchro Monster

Must first be Synchro Summoned,
Once per turn: You can negate the
effects of 1 Effect Monster your
opponent controls.

This card gains 1 additional attack
each Battle Phase for every monster
in your GY that is "Stardust Dragon”
or is a Synchro Monster with
"Stardust Dragan’ in its text.

Once ber turn. when vour opponent

Ca)
( Aa How mo ontan
4


Frame 951: sor ze se G22

nu® @ano0 63300 |

| [Dragon/Synehro/EHeG] a
"Majestic Dragon" + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters, including a Dragon
Synchro Monster

WB Related Cards
<q Must first be Synchro Summoned,
Once per turn: You can negate the &

1

J +
effects of 1 Effect Monster your & iio
opponent controls. By -t
This card gains 1 additional attack
each Battle Phase for every monster
in your GY that is
or is a Synchro Monster with
"Stardust Dragan” in its text. 1 Ganerat

Once er turn. when vour opponent

=f


Frame 952: aug Sano 3300

| (ragon/Synchro/Enect)
"Majestic Dragon” + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters, including a Dragon
Synchro Monster

Must first be Synchro Summoned.
Once per turn: You can negate the
effects of 1 Effect Monster your
opponent controls.

This card gains 1 additional attack
each Battle Phase for every monster
in your GY that is "Stardust Dragon"
or is a Synchro Monster with
"Stardust Dragon” in its text.

Once oer turn. when vour opponent

=
fom)
‘e-)

& jroo

Q -1
Can Dismantle

4% Dismantie


Frame 953: "Majestic Dragon” + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters, including a Dragon
Synchro Monster

Must first be Synchro Summoned.
Once per turn: You can negate the
effects of 1 Effect Monster your
opponent controls.

This card gains 1 additional attack
each Battle Phase for every monster
in your GY that is "Stardust Dragon"
or is a Synchro Monster with
"Stardust Dragon” in its text.

Once oer turn. when vour opponent

i=
|
& jroo
Can Dismantle Be }

4% Dismantie +10


Frame 954: "Majestic Dragon” + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters, including a Dragon
Synchro Monster

Must first be Synchro Summoned.
Once per turn: You can negate the
effects of 1 Effect Monster your
opponent controls.

This card gains 1 additional attack
each Battle Phase for every monster
in your GY that is "Stardust Dragon"
or is a Synchro Monster with
"Stardust Dragon” in its text.

Once oer turn. when vour opponent

|

& imo

Can Dismantle 1

Giemantle


Frame 955: enue ®anoo 3300

| (Dragon/Synchro/ettect)
"Majestic Dragon" + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters, including a Dragon
Synchro Monster
{lust first be Synchro Summoned.
Ince per tum: You can negate the
effects of 1 Effect Monster your
opponent controls.
This-card gains 1 additional attack
each Battie Phase for every monster
in your GY that is "Stardust Dragan"
or is a Synchro Monster with
"Stardust Dragan" in [ts text.
Once oer turn. when vour opponent

i/o/o

CanDismanile 1

Diemantte

Gunerste

Ca)

BO +

(eo 9 )


Frame 956: ijser  epere «ae

GR 22

Frame 957: ®)

fie ®2an0 ®2an0

| ombie/Synchio/Etieet

| Zombie Tuner # 1+ non—Tuner
monsters
During yollr opponent's Lum (Quick
Elect), You can largel 1 Zombie
monster in your GY, except "Red—
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it
Ithis card is in yeu Gy; You can
banish. 1 Zombie monster you
control; Special Summon this.card.
| You can only use each effect oF
“Red—fyes.Zomois.Dragon Lord”) ar
| once per turn. }


Frame 958: ewe @za0n @zan0
| Zombie/Synehve/Entect
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ nan—Tuner
monsters

During your opponent's turn (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 Zombie
monster in your GY, except "Red—
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it.

If this card is in your GY) You can
banish | Zombie monster you
coniral; Special Summon this card
Yau can only use each effect of
“Red-Eyes Zomaie Dragan Lord"
once per turn.

: C A)
( dAlHow w obtain

Bo +
& iiovo
= One
~ Cannot Diamanti
Generate
o


Frame 959: sot eae se G22

@ine @2e00 S200

= )

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner }
monsters WB Related Cards
During your opponent's turn (Quick (Grenescwe)
<q Effect); You can target 1 Zombie
Bt

monster in your GY, except "Red-

1
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special gy ivo/0

‘Summon it. rae 7 =
If this card is in your GY: You can ——_

banish 1 Zombie monster you
control; Special Summon this card. Cannot Dism

You can only use each effect of

"Red-Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord" ‘a at ® -30
once per turn


Frame 960: ser ers ae ee
a ee

@108 ®2e00 #2400

(Uizombie/s ynehrorENSe

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner

During your opponent's turn (Quick

< Effect); You can targel 1 Zombie 1
mmofiiter nc evr ecoacea basis Ci
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special jroo

Summon it =e

If this card is in your GY: You can S20 Dismantls_0

banish 1 Zombie monster you "
control; Special Summon this card. 2
You can only use each effect of

"Red—Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord” ‘a
once per turn.


Frame 961: ss

yes se ae

i-ts one oma

#108 ®ze00 ®2400

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

During your opponent's turn (Quick
Effect); You can targel 1 Zombie
monster in your GY, except "Red—
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it

If this card is in your GY: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster you
control; Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Red—Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord”
once per turn.

= A

Related Cards

& jroo
CanDismantie 0 al }

Cannot


Frame 962: ss

yes se ae

i-ts one oma]

#108 ®2e00 ®2400

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

During your opponent's turn (Quick
Effect); You can targel 1 Zombie
monster in your GY, except "Red—
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it

If this card is in your GY: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster you
control; Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Red—Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord”
once per turn.

& jroo
= 4


Frame 963: ss

yes se ae

t-b one oa )

e108 ®eenn ®2400
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

During your opponent's turn (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 Zombie
monster in your GY, except "Red—
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it

If this card is in your GY: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster you
control; Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Red—Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord”
once per turn.


Frame 964: ss

yes se | a2

t-te oma)

e108 ®eenn ®2a00
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

During your opponent's turn (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 Zombie
monster in your GY, except "Red~
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it

If this card is in your GY: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster you
control; Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Red—Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord”
once per turn.


Frame 965: ss

2 se ie

@108% ®2e00 2400
- (Zombie/Synchro/ettect)

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

During your opponent's turn (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 Zombie
monster in your GY, except "Red—
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it

If this card is in your GY: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster you
control; Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Red—Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"
‘once per turn.


Frame 966: a Ds if

eo @venn 62400

- (Zombie/Synchro/etteet]
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

uring your opponent's lum (Quick

fect); You can targel 1 Zombie

jonster in your GY, except "Red—
Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord"; Special
Summon it
If this card is in your GY: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster you
contral; Special Summon this card
You can only use each effect of
"Red-Eyes Zombie Dragon Lord”
once per turn.

{Ai Mtowro obtain

| (Carta caae

Cann

Ca)
ic daca)

Generate “E! -30


Frame 967: (jst epere | se

GR 22

Frame 968: ®)

t Black-Winged Asani Oragnn)

@lo @ ‘3200 2500

| (Pragaq/Synchre/Sitact) SD }
| Tuner Synchro Monsier 444 4
non—Tuner monsters
Must'be elllidt Syfichio Summoned,
or Special Summoned frgim yguy
faxlia Deck by banishing 1 Tung.
Synehro Monster and | "Black— 6 i == se
Winer Graqon" from your face-up ; )
Held and/or GY Eroiitimarie —_o)|
Each time your opponent activates OP

| a monster effect, place 1 Black. a

Feather Counter an this card when

that effect resalves, and |! you de, 2

‘flict 700-damageto-your sy


Frame 969: @10 @3200 ©2800
| [Dragon/Synchro/ettect!
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non-Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
‘of Special Summoned irom yout
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates

a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resaives, and If you da,
inflict 700 damage to your

* ioro

Can Dismantle

0

CA)
fe - )


Frame 970: sot eae se G22
Peeve et

@ie 3200 ®2500

| [Dragon/Synchro/EMea]
4 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

< Must be either Synchro Summoned,

me A
lo

of Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black Cannot Dismrar
Feather Counter on this card when

that effect resolves, and if you do, ‘iar
inflict 700 damage to your L


Frame 971: ser pers ae Gee
ea ol as

aug @s200 @25800

le Meee CL)

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+

non—Tuner monsters (Caremcacues) aia Grate
Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
‘0
o a of )

Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner

1
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black— & Tro

Winged Dragon" from your face-up

field and/or GY. Cad Diemmotis 6:
Each time your opponent activates

a monster effect, place 1 Black * Cannot Distr
Feather Counter on this card when

that effect resolves, and if you do, ‘ta ror

inflict 700 damage to your


Frame 972: 531

yes se ae

Sc we A)

aug @s200 @2500

| {Oragon/Synchro/Ettect]

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black-
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

How to Obtain

Related Cards

1
~ c=)
= Cz)

ra

Ch)


Frame 973: ser eis ae ee

[Back Wien dacs) Cn)
eu ®s200 @2800

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+

non—Tuner monsters
Must be either Synchro Summoned,

or Special Summoned from your

Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner

1
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black- P-3 jroo
o

Winged Dragon" from your face-up oa a
field and/or GY. Can Dismantie 9 (E™ _
Each time your opponent activates

a monster effect, place 1 Black * Cannot Dism
Feather Counter on this card when

that effect resalves, and if you do, "i Gena

inflict 700 damage to your


Frame 974: 1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

1
& isoio
Can Dismantie 0

ry ro

BO 1


Frame 975: ss

yes se | ae

‘ea gt At Ba

a1 @s200 #2800

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non-Tuner monsters:

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

EO 71

1
£ iyoio
Can Dismantie 0


Frame 976: ss

yes | se a2

[Bock Winoed oot )
ee ®se00 $2800
| (Dragon/Synchro/Etiec
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your

Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY

Each time your opponent activates

a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,

inflict 700 damage to your

|


Frame 977: 531

2 se | 22

ee @3e00 2800
“{Dragon/Synchro/Eect]

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,

inflict 700 damage to your

iE

Ch)
| mn)

neral ® -30


Frame 978: ss

2 se 22

ee @3e00 2800
|{Dragon/Synchro/Eect]

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,

inflict 700 damage to your

iE

Ch)
| amo)

neral ® -30


Frame 979: ser eis ae ee
1

aug 3200 2800
| {Dragon/Synchro/Enect]
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your

Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates

a monster effect, place 1 Black 2 Cannot Dismantle
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

neral = -30


Frame 980: ss

ze as

GR 22

cw An)

#106

®s200 $2500

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+

non-Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up

field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

Cannot £

rat

ismantle

30


Frame 981: 531

ze «ae

GR 22

ce An

#16

®s200 $2500

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+

non-Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up

field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

Cannot Dismantle

at B


Frame 982: ss

ze ae

GR 22

We A)

#16

®s200 $2500

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+

non-Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up

field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

Cannot Dismantle

at B


Frame 983: 531

ze «ae

GR 22

cw A)

@106

®s200 $2500

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+

non-Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up

field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

Cannot Dismantle

Pat B


Frame 984: ss

ze ae

GR 22

We A)

#16

®s200 $2500

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+

non-Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up

field and/or GY.

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

Cannot Dismantle

= B


Frame 985: ser ers ae ee
1

gue @sen0 S280
|" {Dragon/Synchro/Etfec
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters

Must be either Synchro Summoned,
or Special Summoned from your

Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 “Black-
Winged Dragon" from your face-up.
field and/or GY,

Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black oo Cannot Dismantie
Feather Counter on this card when

that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your

neral


Frame 986: |

eu ®s200 ®2500

1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+
non—Tuner monsters
just be either Synchro Summoned,
1 Special Summoned from your
Extra Deck by banishing 1 Tuner
Synchro Monster and 1 "Black—
Winged Dragon" from your face-up
field and/or GY.
Each time your opponent activates
a monster effect, place 1 Black
Feather Counter on this card when
that effect resolves, and if you do,
inflict 700 damage to your


Frame 987: sor ere) se

GR 22

Frame 988: oe TS

oe %s009 @s000

(FaingSynehso

1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a numberof
times each Battle Phase. up to the
number of Tuners used for |ts
Synchro Summon.

Wthis card was Synchro Summoned
using a "Mannadium" Tuneras
material, yout opponent cannot |

target jt with card effects. xy 4
it this face-up Synchro Summaned: —=[-@7—Olsmantia. a +10)
card in its owner's contro! leaves

the flaid because af an opponent's =
card: You can Special Summon 1 of

Mannadium Prim


Frame 989: @ie 3000 ©3000
_ [Fairy/Synenra/EWfect]__
1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a number of
limes each Battle Phase, up to the
number of Tuners used for its
Synchro Summon,

Hf this card was Synchro Summoned
using a “Mannadium” Tuner as
material, your opponent cannot
target it with card effects.

if this face-up Synchro Summoned
card |n its owner's contro! leaves:

the field because of an opponent's
card: You can Special Summon 1 of


Frame 990: 501

yes ss ae

®0 a @s000 ®3000
_ [Falry/Synchro/Efteet)

1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster
This card can attack a number of
limes each Battle Phase, up to the
number of Tuners used for its
Synchro Summon.

1

CA)
/

RB +

If this card was Synchro Summoned = & ivo0

using a “Mannadium” Tuner as
material, your opponent cannot
target it with card effects.

If this face-up Synchro Summoned
card in its owner's control leaves
the field because of an opponent's
card: You can Special Summon 1 of

Can Dismantle


Frame 991: @108 ®s3000 3000

| (Fairy/Synchro/etect)

1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a number of Related Cards

times each Battle Phase, up to the

number of Tuners used for its

Synchro Summon. 1 oe

if this card was Synchro Summoned 4 ivoio =
=

using a "Mannadium" Tuner as CanDiamnnila 1
material, your opponent cannot

target it with card effects.
I this face-up Synchra Summoned

card in its owner's control leaves
the field because of an opponent's Cn:
card: You can Special Summon 1 of


Frame 992: @108 ®s3000 @3000

| tairy/Synehra/Etec

1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a number of Related Cards

times each Battle Phase, up to the

number of Tuners used for its

Synchro Summon. 1 oe

if this card was Synchro Summoned 4 ivoio =
=

using a "Mannadium" Tuner as CanDiamnntla 1
material, your opponent cannot

target it with card effects.
I this face-up Synchra Summoned

card in its owner's control leaves
the field because of an opponent's a
card: You can Special Summon 1 of.


Frame 993: @108 ®s3000 @3000

| (Fairy/Synchro/etect) a!

1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a number of Related Cards

times each Battle Phase, up to the

number of Tuners used for its

Synchro Summon. 1 ome

if this card was Synchro Summoned 4 ioio =
=

using a "Mannadium" Tuner as CanDlamnnila 4
material, your opponent cannot

target it with card effects.
I this face-up Synchra Summoned

card in its owner's control leaves
the field because of an opponent's a
card: You can Special Summon 1 of


Frame 994: (ies «Ese |i 22
@108 ®s000 3000

| (Fairy/Synchro/ettect)
1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase, up to the
number of Tuners used for its
Synchro Summon.

If this card was Synchro Summoned
using a "Mannadium" Tuner as
material, your opponent cannot
target it with card effects.

If this face-up Synchro Summoned
card in its owner's control leaves
the field because of an opponent's
card: You can Special Summon 1 of

“tt

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-%  Disman'

‘

+10


Frame 995: (i21e «Ese ie) 22
@108 ®s000 3000

| (Fairy/Synchro/ettect) a
1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a number of
times each Battle Phase, up to the
number of Tuners used for its
Synchro Summon.

If this card was Synchro Summoned
using a "Mannadium" Tuner as
material, your opponent cannot
target it with card effects.

If this face-up Synchro Summoned
card in its owner's control leaves
the field because of an opponent's
card: You can Special Summon 1 of

“it

& jroo

CanDismantle 1

‘


Frame 996: @a000 63000

1+ Tuners + 1 LIGHT monster

This card can attack a number of
imes each Baltle Phase, up to the
jumber of Tuners used fo its
Synchro Summon.

If this card was Synchro Summoned
using a "Mannadium" Tuner as
material, your opponent cannot
target it with card effects.

If this face-up Synchro Summoned
card in its owner's contral |eaves
the field because of an opponent's
card: You can Special Summon 1 of

Ca


Frame 997: sor epere | se

GR 22

Frame 998: > A a a

fle *suu0 e700
(Oraaan Syrche/ tian]
| WATER Tuner #4) + non. Tuner!
(HOTShe! 5

OnieSibue Chain, I yed) oppaneril
Special Suminons a monslgpts)
(except durind Ihe Damage Sham)

(Capone
(Fa + > |
Youcen Specie! Summon 1 "ce ete
Banier' monster from your and,

Osck, Extra Deck ofGY, then you » spomaee (P29 4
can change | Attack Position ® 4
menster gouronpenent contedis to & Dimes +10

Detenge Position,

You gan only ust-this etfect af ~
“Lance, Ancestral Drago aPiic


Frame 999: @10e @3300 ©2700
/ [DragorySynehro/EMee)_—_
1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner
monsters

‘Once per Chain, il your oppanent
Special Summons a monster(s)
(except duying the Damage Step),

[cal +
You can Special Summon 1 “Ice a iaro
Barrier” monster from your and, (ee =)
Can Binmantia

Oeck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you

can change 1 Attack Position

monster your appenent contrals to a Dismant

Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of -
o

“Lancea, Ancestral Dragan of the cl

® v0


Frame 1000: sot eae «ae 22
[on Ant 55
®ve @s300 2700 CA)

| (Oragon/Synchro/ettsc ay (Ai ow to ontan

1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner

monsters ¢ =
Once per Chain, if your opponent

<q Special Summons a monster(s) 1 >
(except during the Damage Step); | oa

You can Special Summon 1 “Ice & 1/010

Barrier" monster from your hand. EQ -i
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you - CanBismantle __1
can change 1 Attack Pasition
manster your opponent contrals to cs
Detense Position

You can only use this effect of ry
*Lancea, Ancestral Dragan of the :

antle = @ +10


Frame 1001: 1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

Once per Chain, if your opponent
Special Summons a monster(s)
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Spacial Summon 1 “Ice
Barrier® monster from your hand
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you
can change 1 Attack Position
monster your opponent contrals to
Defense Position

You can only use this effect of
"Lancea, Ancestral Dragon of the

& ino

Can Dismantie

=


Frame 1002: 1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

Once per Chain, if your opponent
Special Summons a monster(s)
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Spacial Summon 1 “Ice
Barrier” monster from your hand
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you
can change 1 Attack Position
monster your opponent contrals to
Defense Position

You can only use this effect of
"Lancea, Ancestral Dragon of the

,
1

& iva

Can Dismantie Ho ]


Frame 1003: 1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

Once per Chain, if your opponent
Special Summons a monster(s)
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Spacial Summon 1 “Ice
Barrier” monster from your hand
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you
can change 1 Attack Position
monster your opponent contrals to
Defense Position

You can only use this effect of
“Lancea, Ancestral Dragon of the

,
1

& iio

Can Dismantie Ho }


Frame 1004: i) 531

es se | a2

rn A i]

e100
(foragan/Synehroret
1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

Once per Chain, if your opponent
Special Summons a monster(s)
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Spacial Summon 1 “Ice
Barrier monster trom your hand
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you
can change 1 Attack Position
manster your opponent controls to
Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of

®3a00 2700

“Lancea, Ancestral Dragon of the

CA)
,
!

& iyaio
Can Dismantie mo )


Frame 1005: i) 531

yes se | ae

eue ®3a00 82700
| {Oragan/Synchro/Eteet)
1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

Once per Chain, if your opponent
Special Summons a monster(s)
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon 1 "Ice
Barrier” monster from your hand
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you
can change 1 Attack Position
monster your opponent contrals to
Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of

“Lancea, Ancestral Dragon of the

|


Frame 1006: sor zis ae) ee
ag ®3300 @2700 o

1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner

monsters | ==
Once per Chain, if your opponent
< Special Summons a monster(s)
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon 1 "Ice & Fro/o
Barrier monster from your hand = 24
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you ‘Con Dismentie 1
can change 1 Attack Position

monster your opponent controls to (4% Dismantie ® +10)
Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of ry
Lancea, Ancestral Dragon of the

Generate


Frame 1007: MB

Lancea, Ancestral
@0g @3300 62700

ragon/Synchro/enect] SS
1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

Go per Chain, if your opponent

pecial Summons a monster(s)
‘except during the Damage Step);
You can Special Summon 1 “Ice
Barrier monster trom your hand,
Deck, Extra Deck, or GY, then you
can change 1 Attack Position
monster your opponent contrals to
Defense Pasitian.

You can only use this effect of
"Lancea, Ancestral Dragon of the

CR)

Ganarate 30


Frame 1008: ijsor  eere | se

GR 22

Frame 1009: Fish gon eam
{_i

@c e2700 2000
) (Wrage SyochieENes a
1 Tuner + 2% nop—Tuner monstets |
When this card js Synchro
Summoned, You eat Banish up to

| card each fram your apponenlls —

| hang, field, and GY. (The cared jn

the fand Is chosen al randem.) & — ——
sin anemia (EP 1)

(e Dicmantle ty +10 )


Frame 1010: laa @ 2700 @2000
‘[Dragon/Synchro/eftect]

1 Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner monsters
When this card is Synchro
Summoned, You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY. (The card in
the hand is chosen at random.)

Ch)
— Mi How to ovtain

:
3 iota
= =

4} Dismantie

te +10

"Generale 30
7 4


Frame 1011: sot ze ae | G22

@5 ®2700 ®2000
_ {Dragon/Synchro/Efect]
1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters
When this card is Synchro
Summoned: You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY, (The card in

the hand is chosen at random.)

Cam)
}
] (A tow oon
§ B Related Cards
B+
= isoio
Can Dismantie ew a )

t

1


Frame 1012: so

es se | ae

[Distus, Srces otis Ee a)

es @ ®2700 ®2000

| (ragon/Synchro/Etect]
1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters
When this card is Synchro
Summoned; You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY, (The card in

the hand is chosen at random.)


Frame 1013: 531

es ss 22

“i, got eS)

®2700 62000

es @
“ragon
1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters
When this card is Synchro
Summoned; You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY, (The card in
the hand is chosen at random.)

( 2


Frame 1014: 531

yes se 22

“i, go fe

as ¢ ®2700 ®2000

“(bragon/Synchro/Etect]
1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters
When this card is Synchro
Summoned; You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY, (The card in
the hand is chosen at random.)

=e
(dA How 1 ovtan

4% Dismantle §=— ff) +10


Frame 1015: 531

es ss | 22

[Tiss Sconce a)
a5 6 2700 ®2000
“(Oragon/Synchro/Etect!
1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters
When this card is Synchro
Summoned: You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY. (The card in

the hand is chosen at random.)

WM Related Cards
!:
< iyoio
Can Dismantie te J
-®  Dismantie +10

pt


Frame 1016: 531

zie Gas ie

1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters

When this card is Synchro
Summoned: You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY, (The card in
the hand is chosen at random.)

|

mB

1
& jroo
Can Dismantie 1

-®  Dismantie +10


Frame 1017: 531

zie se 22

1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters

When this card is Synchro
Summoned: You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY, (The card in
the hand is chosen at random.)

|

mB

1
& jroo
Can Dismantie 1

-®  Dismantie +10


Frame 1018: 531

zie se i 22

1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters

When this card is Synchro
Summoned: You can banish up to 1
card each from your opponent's
hand, field, and GY, (The card in
the hand is chosen at random.)

|

mB

1
& jroo
Can Dismantie 1

-®  Dismantie +10

ra reread i


Frame 1019: es @ ®e700 2000
_ [Dragon/Synchro/eMecd
1 Tuner + 2+ non—Tuner monsters
When this card is Synchro

ummoned; You can banish up to 1
d each from your opponent's
nd, field, and GY, (The card in
the hand is chosen at random.)

& jroo


Frame 1020: jst pers | se

GR 22

Frame 1021: ; ce 86 —s

®zspy @s000

a }
1 Tuner # 1+ nofeTuner “Sue 1
Eyes" monsters:

2 Nailer wlaver caiiSpecia! Summon
« | 2.oF more monsters al ihe samme
tine.
* Ohee per tum, whenan effectcf a War

card in the GY is activated (Quick
Ettect)’ Yourcan negate the
activayion.
(Quick Effect): Yo). can Tribute this
Syncthrn Summoned card: Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon Synchro Se
Monster from your Extta Deck ip


Frame 1022: es e500 ®s000

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner “Blue—
Eyes" monsters

Neither player can Special Summon
2 of more monsters al the same
time.

Once per turn, when an effect ot a
card in the GY js activated (Quick
Effect): You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
Synchro Summoned card; Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon Synchro
Monster from your Extra Deck in

CA)

(Ai How to optain

Bo +4
& toro
= | Ce

tle = +10


Frame 1023: 501

es ss | 22

@s

@ zs00 3000

[ragon/Synchro/enee)
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner "Bluc—
Eyes" monsters

Neither player can Special Summon
2 or more monsters at the same
time,

Once per turn, when an effect of a
card in the GY is activated (Quick
Effect): You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
Synchro Summoned card; Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon Synchro
Monster from your Extra Deck in

( /
Can Diamanile ro ()

1
I

1

& ivosa


Frame 1024: ss @pze «Gas i 22

‘Blue-Fyes Spirit Dragon)
es 2500 #3000
| {Dragon/Synchro/Enect) =
4 Tuner + 14+ non—Tuner "Blue
Eyes" monsters
Neither player can Special Summon
& jn

< 2 of more monsters at the same
time.

Once per turn, when an effect of a

card in the GY is activated (Quick

Effect): You can negate the

activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this “ _Dismantle

Synchro Summoned card; Special

Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon Synchro ‘8 Ganerate 3c

Monster from your Extra Deck in

Can Dismantle


Frame 1025: 531

ce: SC

[Ber-ev Spitltegoe
es e500 ®3000
| {Dragon/Synchro/Enect)
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner “Bluc—
Eyes” monsters

Neither player can Special Summon

2 of more monsters al the same

time.

Once per turn, when an effect of a
card in the GY is activated (Quick
Effect); You can negate the

activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
Synchro Summoned card; Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragan Synchro
Monster from your Extra Deck in

& ivoio

ad Cards
BO +4
= = Ce)

ag


Frame 1026: 531

ce: SEC

a3 ®z500 3000

| {Dragon/Synchro/Enect)
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner “Blue—
Eyes” monsters

Neither player can Special Summon
2 of more monsters al the same
time.

Once per turn, when an effect of a
card in the GY is activated (Quick
Effect); You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
Synchro Summoned card; Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragan Synchro
Monster from your Extra Deck in

& ivoso

ad Cards
BO +4
= = CD)

ag


Frame 1027: 531

ce: SC

-

@5 «

®2500 $3000

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner "Blue—
Eyes" monsters

Neither player can Special Summon
2 of more monsters al the same
time.

Once per turn, when an effect of a
card in the GY is activated (Quick
Effect); You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
Synchro Summoned card; Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragan Synchro
Monster from your Extra Deck in

=F

1

ra

Gem


Frame 1028: 531

ce: SC

:

@s « ®zs00 3000

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner “Blue—
Eyes" monsters

Neither player can Special Summon
2 of more monsters al the same
time.

Once per turn, when an effect of a
card in the GY is activated (Quick
Effect): You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
Synchro Summoned card; Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragan Synchro
Monster from your Extra Deck in

=H

1
Can =a = )

4 Dismantle +10

"at Gon


Frame 1029: ss zie se i 22

|Blue-Eyes Spirit Dragon
aso Se ‘$3000

1 UE ee + 14 non—Tuner "Biue~
Eyes” monsters (Caeemeacues)

< Neither player can Special Summon cp

2 or more monsters at the same

time.
Once per turn, when an effect of a  - CE”
card in the GY is activated (Quick BY -1

Can Dismantle

Effect): You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this 7} _ Dismantle
Synchro Summoned card; Special

Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon Synchro wi
Monster from your Extra Deck in


Frame 1030: ss pas eset 22

|Blue-Eyes Spirit Dragon Ee Cm)
aso ®2s00 63000

"{Dragon/Synchro/Etect)_— =
4 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner "Blue

Eyes" monsters (Caeemeacwes)

< Neither player can Special Summon

2 or more monsters at the same

time.
Once per turn, when an effect of a _ - C=”
card in the GY is activated (Quick BY 1

Can Dismantle

Effect): You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this 7% _ Dismantie
Synchro Summoned card; Special

Summon 1 LIGHT Dragan Synchro ‘8 Generat ® -30
Monster from your Extra Deck in


Frame 1031: ss zie «se i 22

|Blue-Eyes Spirit Dragon) a»
aso 2500 63000

| {Dragon/Synchro/Etect) =
4 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner "Blue

Eyes" monsters (Caeemeacues)

< Neither player can Special Summon

2 or more monsters at the same

time.
Once per turn, when an effect of a  - C=”
card in the GY is activated (Quick BY 1

Can Dismantle

Effect): You can negate the
activation.

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this 7% _ Dismantie
Synchro Summoned card; Special

Summon 1 LIGHT Dragan Synchro ‘BI Generat ® -30
Monster from your Extra Deck in


Frame 1032: 1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner “Blue-
Eyes" monsters
leither player can Special Summon
‘or more monsters al the same
ime

Once per turn, when an effect of a
card in the GY is activated (Quick
Effect): You can negate the
activation,

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
Synchro Summoned card; Special
Summon 1 LIGHT Dragan Synchro
Monster from your Extra Deck In

Gunerate 3D


Frame 1033: sor ere «| se

GR 22

Frame 1034: @e © %2509 ©2000

(Dragan/Synchce/etest]

| Tuner + 1+ non=Tuner monsters
When 2 card of effect is activated

(hal Would Wastroy areard(s) en the
field (Quick Effect): You can Tribute
this cara; neqate the activation,.and
if you do, destroy |t. a =
During the End Phase, it this ettect ae

wae activated this turn (and was nof ee" Dumectie 4

negated): You can Special Summon Pas
this cara from your GY (= Dismantle +10 — |

a


Frame 1035: ec G 2500 G2o00
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect !s activated
that would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy |t.

During the End Phase, if this ettect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY.

= CR)
( A How to obtain
=
a Varo
fame (ES 1)

I) Cannot Generate


Frame 1036: so ue ss Gee

®zs00 ©2000
iT |
4 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
< that would destroy a card(s) on the
q

( )
=
=

field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy it & ivoio
During the End Phase, if this effect

was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY. Dismantle +10

CanDismantie 1


Frame 1037: i) 501

ce: SC

an 2500 62000
| [Dragon/Synchro/Efect]
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and

1
if you do, destroy it. & jroo

During the End Phase, if this effect =a By
was activated this turn (and was not S*"Dismantie _1

negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY. -®  Dismantle +10
<i ;

oe:


Frame 1038: 501

2s Gese | i22

an 2500 62000
"[Dragon/Synchro/EWect]
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy it.

During the End Phase, if this effect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY.

oe:

A
& ivoio

=}
Can Dismantle _
“  Dismantle +10
a i


Frame 1039: 501

cd: SC

an 2500 62000
“[Dragon/Synchro/Eect]
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy it.

During the End Phase, if this effect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY.

& ivoio
Can Dismantle Ho )
-®  Dismantle +10

j as

=a


Frame 1040: i) 501

2s Gas i 22

an 2500 62000

“{Oragon/Synchro/Etect)

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
thal would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy it.

During the End Phase, if this effect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY

1
& ivoio

Can Dismantle Be

-®  Dismantle +10
<i ;


Frame 1041: i) 501

ce: SC

an 2500 62000

“{Oragon/Synchro/Enect)

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
thal would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy it.

During the End Phase, if this effect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY

1
& jvoio

Can Dismantle Be

-®  Dismantie +10
<i ;


Frame 1042: i) 501

ed: SC

a5 o ®zs00 2000
“{Oragon/Synchro/Eneet)
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy it.

During the End Phase, if this effect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon.
this card from your GY.

|
& i)
(eo -
Can Dismantle Lesion’ u
-B  Dismantle +10


Frame 1043: i) 501

ce: SC

aa ®es00 $2000
“{Oragon/Synchro/eneet)

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
this card; negate the activation, and
if you do, destroy it.

During the End Phase, if this effect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY

|
& jroo
(Ee -
Can Dismantle Lesions u
-B  Dismantle +10


Frame 1044: a5 € ®2s500 2000
_(Dragon/Synchro/Enect]
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters
When a card or effect is activated
at would destroy a card(s) on the
field (Quick Effect); You can Tribute
is card; negate the activation, and
if you da, destroy it.
During the End Phase, it this effect
was activated this turn (and was not
negated): You can Special Summon
this card from your GY.

(dow 0 brain

&

Can Dismantle


Frame 1045: sor ere | se

22

Frame 1046: ec 2 ‘ga00)@z200
iPsycnic’Synchro/ettaci] i
1 Tuner #1+ nop—Tuner monsters
Once per wm, dufva the Main
< Phase (Quitk Eifects You can

banish boll: this face-up card fron}
the jigid and 1 random card from

yeu apponent's hand. lace-up, & Faro
ublil your next Standby Phase. Uy em Sia . ( |
Once per tum, cuitlha your ee 4

oppongnt's Standby Phase: You can

target 1 banished card; retumaeta Ae Dismantle +o |
the GY.
if this card is in your GY: Vourcan ve

Target | other card In the G¥

Frame 1047: ee 2800 ©2200
IPeychic/Synchro/ettect!
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
‘Once per turn, during the Main

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish both this face-up card from
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up,

uniil your next Standby Phase

Once per turn, during your
‘opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to
the GY

If this card is in your GY: You can
target 1 other card In the GY;

(How to onan

:
& +1
ge -1

rs tiara

Can Dismantie 1

- eral
. ce


Frame 1048: ®2e00 ®2200

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
banish both this face-up card from
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up,
until your next Standby Phase.
Once per turn, during your
opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to
the GY.

If this card is in your GY: You can
target 1 other card In the GY;

CR)
/
Ai tow to obtain

Cn
[issiensors)

Related Cards
a ivoi0

B+
Can Dismantle tm 1 )

|
1
1


Frame 1049: i) 501

cc: SC
|PsY-Framelord Omega)
a5 ®ze00 2200

| (Psychic/Synchro/Effeet_
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect); You can
banish both this face-up card from
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up,
until your next Standby Phase
Once per turn, during your
opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to
the GY.

If this card is in your GY: You can
target 1 other card in the GY;

(Careited cae) Cards

v=

 \ C=”

Can Dismantle


Frame 1050: 501

ce: SEC

|PsY-Framelord Omega)

a5 ®ze00 2200
| (Payehle/Synchre/ETeet
silurier se nate NE OTEHTS
Once per turn. during the Main

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish both this face-up card from

the field and 1 random card from

your opponent's hand, face-up, | C=”

until your next Standby Phase.

Once per turn, during your
opponent's Standby Phase: You can

target 1 banished card; return it to &
the GY.
if this card is in your GY: You can 1 Gen

target 1 other card In the GY;

Can Dismantle

(Careited cae) Cards


Frame 1051: 501

ce: SC

|Psy-Framelord Omega

a5 ® ®ze00 2200
| (eaychle/Synchre/ETeet
silurier Sina MOTEHETS
Once per turn. during the Main

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish both this face-up card from

the field and 1 random card from

your opponent's hand, face-up, | C=”

until your next Standby Phase.

Once per turn, during your
opponent's Standby Phase: You can

target 1 banished card; return it to &
the GY.
if this card is in your GY: You can Gen

target 1 other card In the GY;

Can Dismantle

(Careited cae) Cards


Frame 1052: i) 501

zie se) 22

@5 2800 2200

| (Psychic/Synchre/Effect_

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect); You can
banish both this face-up card from 1
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up, & yoo
until your next Standby Phase (Bo “4
Can Dismantle oo!
Once per turn, during your cose

opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to & jantle +10

a-»

the GY.

If this card is in your GY: You can tH Gen

target 1 other card In the GY;


Frame 1053: 501

2s dese 22

@5 2800 2200

| (Psychic/Synchre/Effectl_

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect); You can
banish both this face-up card from 1
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up, & yoo
until your next Standby Phase (Bo =f
Can Dismantle ol
Once per turn, during your cose

opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to & jantle +10

CR)

the GY.

If this card is in your GY: You can tH Gen

target 1 other card in the GY;


Frame 1054: 591

zie ese ie

eo ® ®ze00 2200
| (Psychic/Synchre/Efeet!
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
banish both this face-up card from
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up, & Toro
until your next Standby Phase

js Can Dismantie
Once per turn, during your San Diswontie 1
opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to &
the GY.
If this card is in your GY: You can 1 Gen
target 1 other card in the GY;


Frame 1055: 591

ce: SC

eo ® ®ze00 2200
|“ (psychic/Synchro/Etfeet
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Once per turn, during the Main
Phase (Quick Effect): You can
banish both this face-up card from
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up, & Toro
until your next Standby Phase

js Can Dismantie
Once per turn, during your San Diswontie 1
opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to &
the GY.
If this card is in your GY: You can 1 Gen
target 1 other card in the GY;


Frame 1056: 591

2s = Gese i22

eo ® ®ze00 2200
| (Psychle/Synchre/eftet
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Once per turn, during the Main

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish both this face-up card from
the field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up,

until your next Standby Phase

Once per turn, during your
opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 banished card; return it to
the GY.

If this card is in your GY: You can General
target 1 other card in the GY;

Cm)

30


Frame 1057: @5 ® @ze00 62200

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Once per turn, during the Main
eo (Quick Effect): You can
anish both this face-up card from
he field and 1 random card from
your opponent's hand, face-up,
until your next Standby Phase.

Once per tum, during your

_| opponent's Standby Phase: You can
target 1 hanished card; return it to 43 Diemantie
the GY. —
if this card is in your GY: You can (Generate

target 1 other card in the GY;


Frame 1058: ijsot pers | se

GR 22

Frame 1059: Skelstal Dragan Fel : =
@e
|. {Zombie/Syne A

| Zombie Tuner + 14 f° Tuner I

}zao0 @ze00

monstsis ‘
< thistaid is-Special Summoned;

You can large! 1 manster your
{ opponent contrais arin thel GY;

| banish it. a titro

ES

if a monsters) i= Special : Bia EQ
Summoned fro eife GY, afile| jemean camara aL 4
= this monster js. on the field Fexeept
= during the Damage Step): You.cary -
q target | other face—ip monster ort
st, the fleld; negate its effects untib the
end of this turn.


Frame 1060: |
@e e 2800 2500
/ Zomble/Synchre/Etect!
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned:

You can target 1 monster your
‘opponent controls or in their GY;
banish it.

Ha monster(s) is Special

Summoned from either GY, while

this monster is on the field (except.
during the Damage Step): You can
target 1 other face-up monster on
the field; negate its effects until the
end of this turn.

3 Varo
Can Diamantie 0

Canne

Cn)
(How to obtain

a

Bo +
(fe =)


Frame 1061: @2e00 62500

_ (ombie/Synchro/ettect TT
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 monster your
opponent controls or in their GY;
banish it.

If a monster(s) is Special
Summoned from either GY, while
this monster |s on the field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
target | other face-up monster on
the field; negate Its effects until the
end of this turn.

/


Frame 1062: 591

zie se 22

‘Sl go pend]

ase ann 62800
" (Zombie/Synchro/Etisell
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters:

If this card is Special Summoned:

You can target 1 monster your
opponent controls or in their GY;

ia monster(s) is Special

}
1
banish it. & joo

a
( By
CanDismantie 0 | *~ u

How to Obtain

Summoned from either GY, while oT

this monster is on the field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
target 1 other face-up monster an
the field; negate its effects until the iat
end of this turn !


Frame 1063: 501

ce: SC

‘Sl ogo pend

a5 8 ®2e00 62800

| zombie/S nena
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 monster your
opponent controls or in their GY;
banish it.

Ifa monster(s) is Special
Summoned from either GY, while
this monster is on the field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
target 1 other face-up monster an
the field; negate its effects until the
end of this turn

How to Obtain

a
(eo -1

|
it
& jroo
Can Dismantie 0

ear Secry
i .


Frame 1064: 501

ce: SC

‘Sh nao pend]

a5 8 ®2e00 2800

| (Zombie/Synchro/Enee]

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner

monsters: |
If this card is Special Summoned:

You can target 1 monster your it
opponent controls or in their GY;

banish it. 2 iso10
if a monster(s) is Special
Summoned from either GY, while San Dlemants 9
this monster is on the field (except

during the Damage Step): You can Cannot
target 1 other face-up monster on

the field; negate its effects until the ay
end of this turn i

{A How to obtain

tills

Li
a


Frame 1065: a a
®2800 62800

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner

If this card is Special Summoned:

You can target 1 monster your

opponent controls or in thet GY; (e+)

Summoned from either GY, while so

this monster is on the field (except

monsters Pt.
1
banish it. & joo
It a monster(s) is Special CanDimenta o(E~ -!

during the Damage Step): You can * Cannot Dismant!
target 1 other face-up monster on
the field; negate its effects until the ag. Sen

end of this turn 4


Frame 1066: i) 501

(zie Gas i 22

[Bisetsl Oregon Fore) exon)

@5 9 ®2e00 2800
If this card is Special Summoned:
Summoned from either GY, while I

| (Zombie/Synchro/Enee] |
You can target 1 monster your
this monster is on the field (except

1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner

monsters Pt.
1
banish it. & jso10
It a monster(s) is Special CanDimentta 0 (E~ -!

during the Damage Step): You can Bs Cannot Dismanti
target 1 other face-up monster on
the field; negate its effects until the iy Gos aie Sen

end of this turn 4


Frame 1067: 1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 monster your
opponent controls or in their GY;
banish it.

Ifa monster(s) is Special
Summoned from either GY, while
this monster is on the field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
target 1 other face-up monster on
the field; negate its effects until the
end of this turn


Frame 1068: @e 5 @2e00 2800

_Zombie/Synchro/eneet)
1 Zombie Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner
monsters

f this card is Special Summoned;
<: can target 1 monster your

ponent controls ar in their GY;

banish it.
If a monster(s) is Special
Summoned from either GY, while
this monster is on the field (except
during the Damage Step): You can
target 1 other face-up monster an
the field; negate its effects until the
end of this turn.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate

-30


Frame 1069: sor ere | se

GR 22

Frame 1070: Sac

e7 ® 2300 @2000
| Marion Synch Etta) |
1 "Blackwing" Tuner 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters
y You Gay) LANGE! 1 LRVEl 5 oF higher
<« Winged 3east monster |) your,GY;
| Special Summon it.
When your opponent activates a &
card or effect that targets anly this:
card, or when your opponent
targets ths card for an attack
(Quick Efteet): You can target)
other "Blackwing" monster yOu
control that would be an
appropriate target} that

Gan Diana


Frame 1071: @7 ® @2800 ©2000

| WharrlovSynchro/etect) a
1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters

You can target 1 Level 5 or higher
Winged Beast monster in your GY;
Special Summon its

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
other "Blackwing" monster you
control that would be an

get: that

CA)
( How to obtain

|

a 3/010
Can Diamante 0 (ES 1 5}

* Cannor o


Frame 1072: sor eae ae G22
[Beckving Tener = Ofelia ea ab

e7 8 2600 2000

(WWarrior/Synchro/etct) i! | Alttow to obtain

1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—

Tuner "Blackwing" monsters =a

You can target 1 Level 5 or higher =
<q Winged Beast monster in your GY;

Special Summon it.

When your opponent activates a

card or effect that targets only this

card, or when your opponent

targets this card for an attack

(Quick Effect): You can target 1 Cannot Dism

other “Blackwing” monster you

contro! that would be an ‘at

appropriate target) that i


Frame 1073: ss @pzie «Gas i 22
ee

a7 @ ®2e00 #2000

| (Warrior/S ynchro/ettect] —— dl How to Obtain

1 “Blackwing” Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters

You can target 1 Level 5 or higher
Winged Beast monster in your GY;
Special Summon it.

When your opponent activates a
card of effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
other "Blackwing" monster you
contral that would be an a ¢


Frame 1074: 501

cd: SC

a7 8 ®25e00 2000

| (Warrior/Synchro/Ettect)
1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters

You can target 1 Level 5 or higher
Winged Beast monster in your GY;
Special Summon it.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
other "Blackwing" monster you
control that would be an

myn)
(A How 0 obtain

|

2


Frame 1075: 501

cd: SE

a7 8 ®2e00 #2000

| (Warrior/Synechro/Ettect)

1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters

You can target 1 Level 5 or higher
Winged Beast monster in your GY;
Special Summon it.

When your opponent activates a
card of effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
other "Blackwing" monster you
control that would be an

a:
(A How to ob1in


Frame 1076: ss pas Gast 22
SS ee

a7 8 ®2e00 #2000

| (Warrior/S ynchro/ettect] (A How to obtain

1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters !
You can target 1 Level 5 or higher

Winged Beast monster in your GY; 2 (fe 4)
Special Summon i, — (ro +t)

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
other "Blackwing" monster you
contral that would be an a ¢


Frame 1077: ss pze se i 22
Se ea

a7 8 ®2e00 #2000

| (Warrior/S ynehro/ettect] (AA How to obtain

1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters !
You can target 1 Level 5 or higher

Winged Beast monster in your GY; 2 (ee 4)
Special Summon i, — (ro +t)

When your opponent activates a
card of effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
other "Blackwing" monster you
contral that would be an a ¢


Frame 1078: ss pze se i 22
c CR

a7 8 ®2e00 ®2000

| (Warrior/synchro/Eneet) | (A How to obtain

1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner "Blackwing" monsters , =
You can target 1 Level 5 or higher

Winged Beast monster in your GY; =
Special Summon it.

When your opponent activates a & 2010
card or effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1 * Cannot Dismanti
other "Blackwing" monster you

contral that would be an ag

CanDismantle 0


Frame 1079: 5 »: ii

“Blackwing Tamer —
a7 @ @ze00 62000
_Wartor/Synchro/entect

1 “Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non—
Tuner “Blackwing” monsters
jfou can target 1 Level 5 or higher
nged Beast monster in your GY;
pecial Summon it,
When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets only this
card, or when your opponent
targets this card for an attack
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
other “Blackwing” monster you
control that would be an
appropriate target: that


Frame 1080: sor ere) se

22

Frame 1081: | a

@c & eq00 ©1200 - val
y auasynchroigttec SS | = Al Hawt nisin |
\ f

1 Tuner + 1+ non=Tuner monsters

Your opponent cannot’ target tage——— 4
& dow Delersé Position monsters

you cen\ol with card effects,
Yau can only use each of Ges
fallawing effects of “Penguin Brave” @&
once per turn

Wthis card is Synehro Summoned:
Ypu can Special Summon 1
"Penguin? monster from youriDerk
in face—down Defense Position

Whan your opponent activates A’
monstor affect (Quick Effect: Yeu


Frame 1082: @e & @2a00 ©1200
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters
you control with card effects,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
‘once per turn.

Wt this card is Synchro Summoned
You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" monster from your Deck
in face-down Defense Position
When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You

Bo +
3 tiovo
Cannot Dismanti


Frame 1083: sot eae ae 22
—— as

ane Szann 1200
(Altos onian

_Tqua/Synchro/ettect!
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters

Your opponent cannot target face—
< down Defense Position monsters

you control with card effects,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
once per turn

If this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1 .
"Penguin" monster fram your Deck . Soha
in facedown Defense Position.
When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You

mc ri


Frame 1084: 501

cd: SC

a

ap & ®2a00 ®1200

|“ thqua/Synchro/Etteet
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters
you contro! with card effects,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
once per turn.

IF this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" monster from your Deck
in face-down Defense Position.
When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Ouick Effect): You


Frame 1085: 501

cd: SC

Perio Bave TS] =
» CA)

ap & ®2a00 1200

| {Aqua/Synchrofettect] (Al How to obtain

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters
you contro! with card effects,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
once per turn.

IF this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" monster from your Deck
in face-down Defense Position.
When your opponent activates a General 2
monster effect (Ouick Effect): You


Frame 1086: (ss @pze «se 22

ap & ®2a00 ®1200

hro/effee

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters
you contro! with card effects,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
once per turn.

IF this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" monster from your Deck
in face-down Defense Position.
When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Ouick Effect): You

CA)


Frame 1087: 501

ce: SC

ap & ®2a00 ®1200

hro/eftee

1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters
you contro! with card effects,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
once per turn.

IF this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" monster from your Deck
in face-down Defense Position.
When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Ouick Effect): You

= aM How to obtain
(Ciretaes cares)

"Bt General  -30


Frame 1088: 1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters

Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters
you control with card effects.

You can only use each of the

following effects of "Penguin Brave"

once per turn.

IF this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" monster from your Deck
in face-down Defense Position.
When your opponent activates a
monster effect (Quick Effect): You

ial Cena


Frame 1089: 501

cd: SC

ec]
a5 & 2a00 #1200
| (Aqua/Synchro/ettect]
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters

you control with card effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
once per turn.

IF this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1

"Penguin" monster from your Deck

in face-down Defense Position.

When your opponent activates a

monster effect (Quick Effect): You


Frame 1090: 501

ce: SC

a5 & ®2a00 $1200
“{hqua/Synchro/ettect)
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
down Defense Position monsters
you control with card effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Penguin Brave"
once per turn.

IF this card is Synchro Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" monster from your Deck
in face-down Defense Position.
When your opponent activates a

monster effect (Quick Effect): You

a

& jsoio

Can Dismantle
a
eas

(Anon oob.an
1

inot Dismantle


Frame 1091: @5 & ®2a00 61200
_(Aqua/Synehro/Ettsct
1 Tuner + 1+ non—Tuner monsters
Your opponent cannot target face—
lown Defense Position monsters
qu contro! with card effects.
‘ou can only Use each of the

following effects of “Penguin Brave” & io/o
‘once per turn.

CanDismantle 0
If this card is Synchro Summoned:

in face—down Defense Position.
ro

When your opponent activates a ff Gonerate
monster effect (Oulck Effect); You =

Ca)

You can Special Summon 1
"Penguin" manster fram your Deck ‘Cannot Dismant

20


Frame 1092: sor ere | se

GR 22

Frame 1093: Decglag, Fis ft Gang

e om @o\ ®za00

|. WxemyS ynerue/Tenar/etisetl
| 1 Tuner & 1 oF mare non—Tuner

monsters
(Otiisteatd RES peeial'Summoned:
You can add 1 “Vang Zing” card
tom your Det ta your hand,

Qnee per turn: You can send t
Wyrm-Type monster trom your Deck
to the Graveyard; this card's Leve|
becomes the sent monster's:

W this face—up card leaves the field:
You can Special Summon 1 "Yang
Zing" manster fram yaur Deck, a
You can only Seclal Summon |


Frame 1094: 1 Tuner + 1 or more non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned;
You can add 1 "Yang Zing" card
from your Deck to your hand,

Once per turn: You can send 1
Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck
to the Graveyard; this card's Level
becomes the sent monster’:
If this face-up card leaves the field:
You can Special Summon 1 "Yang
Zing” monster from your Deck.

You can only Snecial Summon

3 iioro

Can Dismantla 1
4 Dismantle

Generale

(A How to obtain

Related Cards

il


Frame 1095: sot eae ae G22
Peviena. Fie]

( »)

@s ae eo ®2600

|_IWyrm/Synchro/Tuner/Etfeet] (Al tow 10 obtain
1 Tuner + 1 of more non-Tuner |

monsters

WB Related Cards

If this card is Special Summoned:
< You can add 1 "Yang Zina” card
from your Deck to your hand. 2
Once per turn: You can send 1 & 1/0/0
Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck 6.) niamantia Ee 1 )
to the Graveyard; this card’s Level S27 Diamantin_1
becomes the sent monster's.
IF this face-up card leaves the field: (4
You can Special Summon 1 "Yang
Zing" monster from your Deck. i Generate
You can oniv Snectal Summon


Frame 1096: 501

ce SC

@s ae oo ©2500
'\ [Wyrm/Synchro/Tunei/EWeet)
1 Tuner + 1 of more non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned;
You can add 1 "Yang Zing" card

from your Deck to your hand.

Ca)
(Al How oon

Once per turn: You can send 1 & inno
Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck Gyn piemanila 1

to the Graveyard; this card's Level
becomes the sent monster's.

You can Special Summon 1 "Yang
Zing" monster from your Deck. ry

You can only Special Summon

¢


Frame 1097: so

ce: SC

@s ae oo ©2500
‘[Wyrm/Synchro/Tungi/EtSet nn
1 Tuner + 1 of more non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned;
You can add 1 "Yang Zing" card

from your Deck to your hand.

Ca)
(Al now oob.an

Once per turn: You can send 1 & inn
Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck Gyn piemaniia 1

to the Graveyard; this card's Level
becomes the sent monster's.

You can Special Summon 1 "Yang
Zing" monster from your Deck. ry

You can only Special Summon

¢


Frame 1098: so

ce: SC

@s ae oo ®2500
‘[Wyem/Synchro/Tunei/Eteet nn
1 Tuner + 1 of more non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned;
You can add 1 "Yang Zing" card

from your Deck to your hand.

Ca)
(Al How oob.an

Once per turn: You can send 1 & inn
Wyrm=Type monster from your Deck Cyn piemaniia 4

to the Graveyard; this card's Level
becomes the sent monster's.

You can Special Summon 1 "Yang
Zing" monster from your Deck. ry

You can only Special Summon

¢


Frame 1099: so

ce: SC

[Besion, Fist tthe Yee)

@5 40 eo ®2500

“twyrm/synchro/Tuner/Eteet
1 Tuner + 1 or more non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can add 1 "Yang Zina” card
from your Deck to your hand.

Once per turn: You can send 1
Wyrm—Type monster from your Deck
to the Graveyard; this card's Level
becomes the sent monster's.

If this face-up card leaves the field:
You can Special Summon 1 "Yang
Zing" monster from your Deck.

You can only Special Summon

CA)

Can Dismantle


Frame 1100: so

ce: SC

@s ae eo ©2500
‘“[Wyem/Synchro/Tungi/Eteet nn
1 Tuner + 1 of more non—Tuner
monsters

If this card is Special Summoned;

You can add 1 "Yang Zing" card
from your Deck to your hand.

CA)

a

= (&_-_)

Once per turn: You can send 1 & isso

Wyrm—Type monster from your Deck
to the Graveyard; this card's Level
becomes the sent monster's.

If this face-up card leaves the field: (AF
You can Special Summon 1 "Yang

Zing" monster from your Deck. tag

You can only Special Summon

Can Dismantle


Frame 1101: ‘Dengiang, First of

es ae eo ©2500

_ [Wyrm/Synchre/Tuner/E tac
1 Tuner + 1 or more non—Tuner
monsters
f this card is Special Summoned;
‘ou can add 1 “Yang Zing" card
rom your Deck to your hand.
Once per tun: You can send 1
Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck
to the Graveyard; this card’s Level
becomes the sent monster's.
If this face-up card leaves the field:
You can Snecial Summon 1 "Yang
Zing’ monster fram your Deck.
You can only Special Summon

(aA 2e 19 oonain

C AD
|
=)

& isoi0
Can Dismantl
4S Dismantis =) +10


Frame 1102: sor ere | ae

GR 22

Frame 1103: sor ere | ae

GR 22

Frame 1104: Superciraatinaught Rail Cannon Juggernaut #2
1 &
[Machine/Xyz/ettect}
3 Level 11 monsters
Once per tum, you can also Xyz
Summon “Superdreadnought Rall
Cannon Juggemaul Liebe” by using
1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you control as material. (Transfer its
materials ta this card.)
‘Once per turn: You can detach 1
material trom this card; it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, alsa for the rest of
this turn, you can only declare an
attack with this card.
During each Battle Phase, this card

®a000 Ganoo

sy BD

_ =)
eto == CED

Can Dismantie 1

(AF vismantic +10) Dismantie i +10


Frame 1105: 591

es ss | ae

Supardreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut &
ue
{Machine/xy2/Effect)

3 Level 11 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Superdreadnought Rall
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe” by using
1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you control as material. (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also tar the rest of
this turn, you can only declare an
attack with this card.

During each Battle Phase, this card

@anon ®anon

a= Ai tiow to optain
=.
Con diaminntie 1 (EY )


Frame 1106: so

cd: SC

‘Superdireadaought Rall Cannon Juggernaut
gue @anoo ®ao00
(Machine/xyz/Effect]

3 Level 11 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon “Superdieadnought Rall
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe" by using
1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster

you control as material, (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card: it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of
this turn, you ean only declare an
attack with this card.

During each Battle Phase, this card

—_

i


Frame 1107: 501

2s Gese i22

Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut &&

eu@
(Machine/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 11 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon “Superdreadnought Rall
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe” by using
1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you contro! as material. (Transfer its
materiais to this card.)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card: it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of
this turn, you ean only declare an
attack with this card.

During each Battle Phase, this card

anno S000

P

ii

dA How to obtain

o
me)
i (fe 7)


Frame 1108: 501

zie se i 22

Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut &&

eu@
(Machine/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 11 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon “Superdreadnought Rall
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe” by using
1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you contro! as material. (Transfer its
materiais to this card.)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card: it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of
this turn, you ean only declare an
attack with this card.

During each Battle Phase, this card

anno #000

r

ii:

UM How to obtain

o
me)
i (fe 7)


Frame 1109: 501

ce: SEC

Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut
gue
(Machine/Xyz/Ettect]

3 Level 11 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Superdieadnought Rall
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe" by using
7 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you control as material. (Transfer its
materiais to this card.)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card: it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also tor the rest of
this turn, you can only declare an
attack with this card,

During each Battle Phase, this card

anno @a000

F

CA)
(A Hew to ob1n

Dismantie i +10

na
|

=

& imo
Can Dismantle 1


Frame 1110: 501

y2ie ese i 22

Superdreadnought Rail Gannon Juggernaut &
gle
(Machine/Xyz/Effect)

3 Level 11 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Superdreadnought Rall
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe” by using
1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you contro! as material. (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card: it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of
this turn, you can only declare an
attack with this card.

During each Battle Phase, this card

®ano0 ® 4000

|

|
eo

—

& ivoio

Condiamanite 1 (ES -1

& @ +10

“Bt General > -30

| (vow toonain

dill

Dismantie


Frame 1111: so

2s ese i 22

Superdreadnought Rail Gannon Juggernaut 4
ee
(Machine/kyz/Ettect]

3 Level 11 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Superdreadnought Rail
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe” by using
1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you control as material. (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of
this turn, you can only declare an
attack with this card.

During each Battle Phase, this card

®anoo #4000

a )
ee)
Lg

& jroo

& @ +10

“Bt General > -30

Dismantie


Frame 1112: ss ipze se i 22
{Wachine/Xye/etfect]
3 Level 11 monsters
Summon “Superdreadnought Rail
Cannon Juggernaut Liebe" by using i.
you control as material. (Transfer its _* C=®
materials to this card.) a ST =
Once per turn: You can detach 1 Soe ag

Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut #& =

gue ano 4500 a:
Once per turn, you can also Xyz

1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster |p
material from this card; it gains

2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of  — Dismantic fy +10
this turn, you can only declare an
attack with this card, a

During each Battle Phase, this card


Frame 1113: Superdreadnought Rail Cannan Juggernaut

gue @ano0 64000
(Machine/Xyz/Effect)

3 Level 11 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz

jummon “Superdreadnought Rail

fannen Juggernaut Liebe" by using

Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster
you contro! as material. (Transfer its
materials to this card.)
Once per tum: You can detach 1
material from this card; it gains
2000 ATK/DEF, also for the rest of
this turn, you can only declare an
attack with this card.

During each Battle Phase, this card


Frame 1114: sot ere «| ae

GR 22

Frame 1115: sot ere) se

GR 22

Frame 1116: Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragan
®a000 aa

we
[Dragon/xyzvefect]

2 Level 10 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Galaxy—Eyes Cipher X
Dragon” by using a "Cipher
Dragon” monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card )

You can detach 2 materials trom
this card; yout opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you control
with card effects, until the end of
your opponent's turn.

Once per turn, during your Standby

-_—

Sitio
ae)

Canne

Didmantis


Frame 1117: 591

es se | ae

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon &

#106 @ano0 ®3000
(Dragon/xy2/Etfect]

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Galaxy—Eyes Cipher X
Dragon" by using a "Cipher
Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from
this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you control
with card effects, until the end of
your opponent's turn.

Once per turn, during your Standby


Frame 1118: ss ze Gas i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon ® ; —* a)
gine ®aon0 3000 |
[Dragen/Xyz/Effect) |

How to Obtain

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
< Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X

Dragon" by using a "Cipher
Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from
this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you control : Cannot Dismanil
with card effects, until the end of

your opponent's turn. Ge

Once per turn, during your Standby


Frame 1119: ss ze «se 22

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon ® , —s a)
eine ®aonn ®3000 |
[Dragen/Xyz/Effect) |

How to Obtain

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
< Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X

Dragon" by using a "Cipher
Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from
this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you control - Cannot Dismantl
with card effects, until the end of

your opponent's turn. (Ge

Once per turn, during your Standby


Frame 1120: ss ze Gas i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon ® , —s a)
eine ®aon0 ®3000 |
[Dragen/Xyz/Effect) |

How to Obtain

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
< Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X

Dragon" by using a "Cipher
Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from
this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you control - Cannot Dismantl
with card effects, until the end of

your opponent's turn. (Ge

Once per turn, during your Standby


Frame 1121: ss ze eset 22

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon @
e10e ann 63000
(Dragon/xyz/Effect)

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
< Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X

Dragon" by using a "Cipher
Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from
this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you contral ce Cannot Dismantl
with card effects, until the end of

your opponent's turn. (Ge

Once per turn, during your Standby


Frame 1122: ss ze Gas i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon @
e10e ann ® 3000
(Dragon/xyz/Effect)

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
< Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X

Dragon" by using a "Cipher
Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from
this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you contral ce Cannot Dismantl
with card effects, until the end of

your opponent's turn. (Ge

Once per turn, during your Standby


Frame 1123: so

SC

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon ®
e100 G ®anno 63000
[Dragon/xyz/Ettect]

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X
Dragon" by using a “Cipher

Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from

this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you control
with card effects, until the end of
your opponent's turn.

Once per turn, during your Standby

ra

not Dismanti

nerate


Frame 1124: 501

zis se i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon @
e100 G ®ann0 3000
[Dragon/xyz/Ettect]

2 Level 10 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X
Dragon" by using a “Cipher

Dragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)

You can detach 2 materials from

this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you control
with card effects, until the end of
your opponent's turn.

Once per turn, during your Standby

i


Frame 1125: Galaxy-Eyes Cipher X Dragon ®
#10 ano ©3000
(Dragon/Xyz2/Efect)
2 Level 10 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
jummon “Galaxy—Eyes Cipher X
ragon” by using a "Cipher
ragon" monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.)
You can detach 2 materials from
this card; your opponent cannot
target LIGHT monsters you cantral
with card effects, until the end of
_| your opponent's turn.
Once per tum, during your Standby

not Diamantis

Gunerate


Frame 1126: sor pers se

GR 22

Frame 1127: sor pers se

22

Frame 1128: Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragan
so
(Dragon/Xyzvetfect]

3 Level 9 monsters
You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes"
Xyz Monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.) Cannot be used as
material for an Xyz Summon

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target
1 card on the field; destroy it

It this Xyz Summoned card you
control, is destrayed by battle with
an opponent's attacking monster, or

@3200 Lay

CA)

a

& toro
ee —


Frame 1129: 591

es ss | ae

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragon &
es @ @3200 @2500
{(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 9 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes"
Xyz Monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.) Cannot be used as
material for an Xyz Summon

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target
1 card on the field: destroy it.

If this Xyz Summoned card you
control, is destroyed by battle with
an opponent's attacking monster, or


Frame 1130: 591

2s se ie

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragan ®

as © ®se00 ®2800
[Dragon/Xyz/Etfect]

3 Level 9 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes"
Xyz Monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.) Cannot be used as
material tor an Xyz Summon

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

1 card on the field: destroy it.

If this Xyz Summoned card you
control, is destroyed by battle with
an opponent's attacking monster, or

Can Dismantie

ry ene


Frame 1131: so

ce: SC

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragan ®
a3 0 @az00 2800
{Dragon/xyz/Ettect]

3 Level 9 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes"
Xyz Monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.) Cannot be used as
material tor an Xyz Summon

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target
1 card on the field; destroy it.

If this Xyz Summoned card you
control, is destroyed by battle with
an opponent's attacking monster, or

ry ene

How to Obtain


Frame 1132: so

zie Gas i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragan ®
a3 6 @az00 2800
{Dragon/xyz/Ettect]

3 Level 9 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes"
Xyz Monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.) Cannot be used as
material tor an Xyz Summon

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target
1 card on the field; destroy it.

If this Xyz Summoned card you
control, is destroyed by battle with
an opponent's attacking monster, or

ry ene

How to Obtain


Frame 1133: i) 501

ce: SC

Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragan ®
a3 6 @sz00 2800
(Dragon/xyz/Ettect]

3 Level 9 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes"
Xyz Monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.) Cannot be used as
material tor an Xyz Summon.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target
1 card on the field: destroy it.

If this Xyz Summoned card you
control, is destroyed by battle with
an opponent's attacking monster, or

& ino
CanDismantie 0

ry ene


Frame 1134: 501

ce: SC
Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragan e | =n, aD
a5 ¢ @3200 2300

(Dragon/xyz/Ettect]

3 Level 9 monsters
You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes"
Xyz Monster you control as
material. (Transfer its materials to
this card.) Cannot be used as
material tor an Xyz Summon.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

1 card on the field; destroy it.

If this Xyz Summoned card you
control, is destroyed by battle with
an opponent's attacking monster, or

How to Obtain
Related Card:

mB 1

& isoio

CanDismantle 0


Frame 1135: Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragon ®

aso @sz00 62800 | ———
[Dragon/Xy2/EMect]

3 Level 9 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card

< using a Rank 8 "Galaxy—Eyes"

yz Monster you control as
terial. (Transfer its materials to

this card.) Cannot be used as &
material for an Xyz Summon, eae (ES- -*
Can Di y

Once per turn: You can detach 1 os -

material from this card, then target
If this Xyz Summoned card you

contral, is destroyed by battle with - Gunerate
an opponent's attacking monster, or


Frame 1136: sor ere | se

22

Frame 1137: sor ere | ae

22

Frame 1138: Number 107, Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @
ee
(Dragon/xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
‘of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face—
up monsters currently on the field,
also thell ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK unti| the end of the
Bartle Phase, also, it can make a

Senin stionh cites nent iets

@3000 ©2500

Jia

avila

+t
= =

- 7
. i -30

GD
(Aitox to onan
GEE


Frame 1139: 591

ae Gs ghee

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @)
fee
{Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters
Once per Battle Phase, at the start
of your Batlle Phase: You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face—
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF, During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

Bartel aibaes

@3000 ©2500

paper Ee.

r il

1
ait

| OB Relatec
L_£ =

y3 aviso
Can Diamante 1 (EY )

a tle 415


Frame 1140: 501

SC

Number 107: Galaxy~Eyes Tachyon Dragan @)
ee ©
[Oragon/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 8 monsters
Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face—
up monsters currently on the field,
aiso their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

sandnd one iin eech ane

anno ©2500

=
|

ai

& __ovin
CanDismantle 1


Frame 1141: 501

cd: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @)

eae @3nn0 ®2500
[Oragon/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face—
up monsters currently on the field,
aiso their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

Sanda one inn eech Deis

=
|

a

& oi
CanDismantle 1


Frame 1142: 501

cd SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @

eae @3nn0 ®2500
[Oragon/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Balle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face—
up monsters currently on the field,
aiso their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

sandnd GHark bina eech Eis

=
|

a

& vino
CanDismantle 1


Frame 1143: 501

ce: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyan Dragan @
ae @
{Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Batlle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face-
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

sircind ened nemliwen nh Deis

@anno ®2500

— |
| (Arnone)

& oviso

Can Dismantie

a @ +15

‘it Generate  -30

Dismantle


Frame 1144: 501

cd: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @
a5 ©
{Dragon/xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase: You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face-
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

sairciredl esenods steele aren eerie

®anno #2500

=»

i |

& ovi/0

Can Dismantle

-& — Dismantie

hs

i
t

Generale


Frame 1145: ss epze «se i 22

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan r- _ GID
oo © @a000 #2500 ——_ |

(Dragon/Xy2/Etect] |
2 Level 8 monsters i

Once per Battle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face—
up monsters currently on the field, avivo
also their ATK/DEF become their

original ATK/DEF. During the Battle  GanDismantle 1
Phase, if you activated this effect

this turn, each time an opponent's “RF Dismantie = tr +15
card effect resolves, this card gains

1000 ATK until the end of the a
Battle Phase. also, it can make a 1 etaenicai

seircieedt esvenos setlists eerie


Frame 1146: so

ed: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Fyes Tachyon Dragan @ a aD
e5 @ @3000 2500 | —— |

(Dragon/Xyz/Etect] |
2 Level 8 monsters i

Once per Battle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase: You can

detach 1 material from this card; iL.

negate the effects of all other face- a
up monsters currently on the field,  @& —__avivo

also their ATK/DEF become their a

original ATK/DEF. During the Battle Can Dismantie __1

Phase, if you activated this effect

this turn, each time an opponent's Dismantle

card effect resolves, this card gains

1000 ATK until the end of the Fy

Battle Phase. also, it can make a stents z

sarcinil vbacke stocker


Frame 1147: so

ce :  E

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @
ae o
[(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase: You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

peihcinit cited stiches R Ons tales

®so00 $2500

|
ovis0
(Ro -
Can Dismantle Bo
-S:  Dismantle +15
 -30

a
Bl G


Frame 1148: so

2s se ie

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @
ae
[(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase: You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited sti se Ron tales

®so00 $2500

=
ovi/0
(eo -
Can Dismantie eo

# -30

a
al

nerate


Frame 1149: 501

SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @

aa @
[Dragon/xyz/Eftect]
2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited stcktceee Roar tales

®s000 $2500

& 0/1/0
(Ro -
Can Dismantle Lente i
-&  Dismantle +415
® -30

ra
al G

nerate


Frame 1150: so

y2ie Ese 22

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @

aa @
[Dragon/xyz/Effect)
2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seikcinil cited stcktceee Roar tales

®s000 $2500

=f
=
|
=,
& ovi/0
Can Dismantle “4 )
4 Dismantie +15

PR -30

ra
Bl G

nerate


Frame 1151: 501

ce: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @

aa @
[Dragon/xyz/Effect)
2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited stick teeee Roar tales

®s000 $2500

| (arenes)
canal
ae “I )

® -30

ra
Bl G

nerate


Frame 1152: so

ce: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @

aa @
[Dragon/xyz/Effect)
2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited stcitceee Roar tales

®s000 $2500

|

=
ovi/0

Can Dismantie “4 ]

 -30

a
Bl G

nerate


Frame 1153: 501

ct: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @
aoe @s000 $2500
[(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Battle Phase, at the start [ssc
of your Battle Phase: You can
detach 1 material from this card; =a!

negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their

Related Cards

& 0/1/0
Bo
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle Can Dismantle

Phase, if you activated this effect

1000 ATK until the end of the

this turn, each time an opponent's 4 Dismantie +15
card effect resolves, this card gains
® -30

a
Battle Phase, also, it can make a t

seein cited stcitceee Roar tales

¢


Frame 1154: so

2s se ie

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @

aa @
[Dragon/xyz/Effect)
2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited stickies Roar tales

®s000 $2500

==
—
ovi/0
(Ee -
Can Dismantie eo

® -30

ra
Bl G

nerate


Frame 1155: 501

ct: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @
ae
[(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited stciteeee Roar tales

®s000 $2500

=
Can Dismantle eo)

® -30

ra
Bl G

nerate


Frame 1156: so

2s se ie

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragan @
ae
[(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited stickies Roar tales

®s000 $2500

=
Can Dismantle eo)

 -30

ra
Bl G

nerate


Frame 1157: 501

ct: SC

Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @
ae
[(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

®so00 $2500

2 Level 8 monsters

Once per Batlle Phase, at the start
of your Battle Phase; You can
detach 1 material from this card;
negate the effects of all other face~
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, it can make a

seihcinit cited stcktceee Roar tales

—

Can Dismantle
A Dismantie =~) +15

ra
t


Frame 1158: Number 107: Galany-Eyes Tachyon Dragon @
fo @ @s000 ®2500
[Dragon/Xyz/ Effect)

2 Level € monsters

Once per Battle Phase, at the start
{your Battle Phase: You cant
Qos 1 material from this card;
jegate the effects of all other face—
up monsters currently on the field,
also their ATK/DEF become their
original ATK/DEF. During the Battle
Phase, if you activated this effect
this turn, each time an opponent's
card effect resolves, this card gains
1000 ATK until the end of the
Battle Phase, also, It can make a

earand stark divin wank Ratin

&

Can Di

aS

Dismanite

Generate


Frame 1159: sor pers | se

GR 22

Frame 1160: Number 62: Galaxy~Eygs Prime Phaton Dra @)
eee ®ao00 ®3000
(Dragon /xyz/ENpetl
2 Level 8 monsters
Wf this card battles."duting damage
calélilation (Quick Elect): You cay
detach 1 material from this casd
once per battle; this card gaips ATK.
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the jield
x 200, during that damage
calculation only.
, if this card in'its owner's contral is — aHABL Digi
destroyed by an apponent's card
effect while it nas "Galaxy—Eyes - ‘
Photan Dragon" as material: You \ : 5


Frame 1161: Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phatan Dra @
ef 4000 ©3000
[Dragonxyz/Etfect]

2 Level 8 monsters

I this card battles, during damage
calculation (Quick Effect): You can
detach 1 material from this card
‘once per battie; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the field

x 200, during that damage
calculation only

If this card in its owner's contral is
destroyed by an apponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy—Eyes
Photon Dragon" as material: You

ne

&_itioso
Canpiamantie 0 (EY 1 )

Canno


Frame 1162: 591

es se | ae

Number 62: Galaxy-Fyes Prime Photon Dia @® i aD
an 6 @anoo @3n00

{Dragon/xyz/Effectl | (Abvonsonsin)
2 Level 8 monsters

If this card battles, during damage ( Gireiatea corse
calculation (Quick Effect): You can = -

detach 1 material from this card

once per battle; this card gains ATK )
equal to the combined Ranks of all gs ivova

Xyz Monsters currently on the field a ies =

x 200, during that damage CariBianiantia 0

calculation only.

If this card in its owner's control is : Cannot
destroyed by an opponent's card

effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes rf
Phaton Di rial: You u


Frame 1163: 501

y2is Gas i 22

Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phaton Dra @)
ae @
{Dragon/xy2/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

If this card battles, during damage
calculation (Quick Effect); You can
detach 1 material from this card
once per battle; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the field
x 200, during that damage
calculation only.

If this card in its owner's control is
destroyed by an opponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material: You

®anon 3000

ra]
=o

isoio
= Ce


Frame 1164: so

zis Gas i 22

Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dra @
ae @
{Dragon/xy2/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

If this card battles, during damage
calculation (Quick Effect); You can
detach 1 material from this card
once per battle; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the field
x 200, during that damage
calculation only.

If this card in its owner's control is
destroyed by an opponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material: You

anon 3000

ra]
=

jroo
==


Frame 1165: 501

SC

Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dra @
ae @
{Dragon/xy2/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

If this card battles, during damage
calculation (Quick Effect); You can
detach 1 material from this card
once per battle; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the field
x 200, during that damage
calculation only.

If this card in its owner's control is
destroyed by an opponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material: You

®anon 3000

ra]
=

isoio
== Ce


Frame 1166: so

2s se i 22

Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phaton Dra @)
aa G
{Dragon/xy2/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

If this card battles, during damage
calculation (Quick Effect); You can
detach 1 material from this card
once per battle; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the field
x 200, during that damage
calculation only.

If this card in its owner's control is
destroyed by an opponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material: You

anon 3000

ra]
=

jroo
a


Frame 1167: 501

ed: SC

Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phaton Dra @
ae G
{Dragon/xy2/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

If this card battles, during damage
calculation (Quick Effect); You can
detach 1 material from this card
once per battle; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the field
x 200, during that damage
calculation only.

If this card in its owner's control is
destroyed by an opponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material: You

®anon 3000

re]
=

isoio
a


Frame 1168: 501

ce: SE
Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phaton Dra @ ———
ae @ anon 3000 Cm)
{(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 8 monsters

If this card battles, during damage
calculation (Quick Effect); You can
detach 1 material from this card
once per battle; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the field
x 200, during that damage
calculation only.

IF this card in its owner's control is
destroyed by an opponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material: You

|

WM Rolated Cards
& jo

CanDismantle 0

EQ


Frame 1169: Number 62; Galnay-Eyes Prime Phaton Ora @

fo © ®anpo ©3000
[Dragon/Xyz/Effect]
2 Level 8 monsters
If this card battles, during damage
a\culation (Quick Effect): You can
Qos 1 material from this card
nce per battle; this card gains ATK
equal to the combined Ranks of all
Xyz Monsters currently on the fleld
x 200, during that damage
calculatian only
\f this card in its owner's control is
destroyed by an opponent's card
effect while it has "Galaxy—Eyes
Photon Dragon” as material: You

Ganerate

=

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 1170: sor pers | se

GR 22

Frame 1171: sor ere | se

GR 22

Frame 1172: Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragan
@e ©
(Dragon/xyz/Effect]

3 Level 8 monsters
You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a "Galaxy—Eyes" Xyz
Monster you control as material,
except “Galaxy—Eyes Full Armor
Photon Dragon”, (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this
card; attach them to this card as
material.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

©

4000 ©3500

(Aa ow to onisin

Can Dismantie 0


Frame 1173: 591

es se | ae

Galaxy-Eyes Full Armar Photon Dragan @®

an © Sano0 3500
(Dragon/Xyz/Etfect

3 Level 8 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a "Galaxy—Eyes" Xyz
Monster you contro! as materi
except "Galaxy—Eyes Full Armor
Photon Dragon", (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this
card; attach them to this card as
material.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from thls card, then target

r —— (
= -.
| (Alton tocbain
(Grreiatea corde
B+


Frame 1174: so

a: SC

Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon @
ad ®ann0 #3500
{Dragon/Xyz/Eftect)

3 Level 8 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz
Monster you control as material,
except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor
Photen Dragon", (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this
card; attach them to this card as
material

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

= 4D
|

How to Obtain

GM Related Cards
-_

i


Frame 1175: 501

zie Gas i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon @
aa o ®anno 3500
{Dragon/Xyz/Eftect)

3 Level 8 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz
Monster you control as material,
except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor
Photen Dragon", (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this
card; attach them to this card as
material

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

|

-—

© Related Cards
& jpn
oie
Can Dismantle 0 Leinad

mg


Frame 1176: 501

zie dese ie

Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon @
aa @ ®anno 3500
{Dragon/Xyz/Eftect)

3 Level 8 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz
Monster you control as material,
except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor
Photen Dragon", (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this
card; attach them to this card as
material

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

|

-—

© Related Cards
& jn
ei
Can Dismantle 0 Leinad

mg


Frame 1177: ss ipze se i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon @

=

a»

ap @ ®anop #3500
3 Level 8 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
< by using a "Galaxy-Eyes' Xyz

WB Related Cards

Monster you control as material,
except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor
Photen Dragon", (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this

card; attach them to this card as “S Cannot Dismanti
material
Once per turn: You can detach 1 1) General

material from this card, then target


Frame 1178: ss ze «se i 22

Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon @

=

e-

a6 © @®anop #3500
3 Level 8 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
< by using a "Galaxy-Eyes' Xyz

WB Related Cards

Monster you control as material,
except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor
Photen Dragon", (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this

card; attach them to this card as = Cannot Dismant
material
Once per turn: You can detach 1 1) General

material from this card, then target


Frame 1179: so

ee: SC

Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon @ = a — oo
ee o amo #3500 | CA)
(Dragon/xyz/Ettect]

3 Level 8 monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz
Monster you control as material,
except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor
Photon Dragon". (Transfer its
materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this
card; attach them to this card as
material

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

|
BO -1

el ‘Cannot Dismantie

-—

& jsoi0

CanDismantle 0

"8 Generate


Frame 1180: Galaxy-Fyen Fuller Piola Degen
#5 © @anno 3500
(Dragon/yz/Ettect)

3 Level 8 monsters
You can also Xyz Summon this card

y using a “Galaxy—Eyes" Xyz
jonster you contral as material,
Nexcept "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor

Photon Dragon". (Transfer its

materials to this card.)

Once per turn: You can target up to
2 Equip Cards equipped to this

card; attach them to this card as
material

Once par turn: You can detach 1
material from thls card, then target

== 4D

(Aiiow to obtain


Frame 1181: sor ere se

22

Frame 1182: ®)

D/D/D Duo-Dawn Kitrg Kall Yuga )
fe ® 3500 @3000
(Flamaiixya/Eteet)

2 Level 8 "D/D" inonsters
Afier {his catd Js Xy2 Summaned,
& for tlie rasboF tis tim, other cars

and thei) eifects cannot be
activated 07 the field) and other
cards! effex

on the field are

negates
Once per tum (Quick Effect): You

| can detach 1 mat my this

| card) destroy’ all Spelis and traps

on the tel.

You can detach 1 material

card, then target 1 "Dark


Frame 1183: D/D/D Duo—Dawn King Kali Yuga S
®e v 3500 ©3000
[Flond%ya/Ettect]

2 Level 8 "D/D* monsters

After this card is Xyz Summoned,

lor the rest of this turn, other cards
and their effects cannot be

activated on the field, ano other
cards’ effects on the field are
negated.

‘Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can detach 1 material from this
card: destroy all Spells and Traps

‘on the field.

You can detach 1 material from this
card, then target 1 "Dark Contract”


Frame 1184: 501

es ss | ae

D/D/D Duo-Dawn King Kall Yuga ry
ae ¥ @es00 ©3000
{Flend/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 8 “D/D" monsters

After this card is Xyz Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, other cards
and their effects cannot be
activated on the field, and other
cards' effects on the field are
negated.

Once per turn (Quick Effect): You
can detach 1 material from this
card; destroy all Spells and Traps
on the field

You can detach 1 material fram this
card, then target 1 "Dark Contract"

—— a

|
WB Related Cards
ao B+

& isoa

Can Dismantie

cd

=e

antl

le

c=

® +10


Frame 1185: 501

zie ese ie

D/D/D Due-Dawn King Kali Yuga a a;
ga ¥ ®ss00 #3000 —— | Cm)
{Fiend /xyz/Ettect]
2 Level 8 "D/D" monsters |

Alter this card is Xyz Summoned,

for the rest of this turn, other cards
and their effects cannol be
activated on the field, and other
cards’ effects on the field are
negated.

Once per turn (Quick Effect); You
can detach 1 material trom this
card; destroy all Spells and Traps
on the field

You can detach 1 material from this
card, then target 1 "Dark Contract’

‘
ss Bo )

-%  Dismantie +10

NE


Frame 1186: so

cd: SC

D/D/D Due-Dawn King Kali Yuga eS aA, os
aa ¥ ®ss00 #3000 —— | Cm)
{Fiend /xyz/Ettect]
2 Level 8 "D/D" monsters |

Alter this card is Xyz Summoned,

for the rest of this turn, other cards
and their effects cannol be
activated on the field, and other
cards’ effects on the field are
negated.

Once per turn (Quick Effect); You
can detach 1 material trom this
card; destroy all Spells and Traps
on the field

You can detach 1 material from this
card, then target 1 "Dark Contract"

‘
+. Bo }

-®  Dismantle +10

ry


Frame 1187: 501

ed: SC

D/D/D Due-Dawn King Kali Yuga a a, os
ga ¥ 500 #3000 —— | CA)
{Fiend /xyz/Ettect]
2 Level 8 "D/D" monsters |

Alter this card is Xyz Summoned,

for the rest of this turn, other cards
and their effects cannol be
activated on the field, and other
cards’ effects on the field are
negated.

Once per turn (Quick Effect); You
can detach 1 material trom this
card; destroy all Spells and Traps
on the field

You can detach 1 material from this
card, then target 1 "Dark Contract"

‘
os Bo }

-%  Dismantle +10

NB


Frame 1188: 501

cd: SC

D/D/D Duo-Dawn King Kali Yuga 6 =) CED
apy @ss00 ®3000 |;

(Flend/xyz/Etfect] | dl How to Obtain

2 Level 8 "D/D" monsters

After this card is Xyz Summoned,
for the rest of this turn, other cards
and their effects cannol be
activated on the field, and other
cards’ effects on the field are
negated.

Once per turn (Quick Effect); You
can detach 1 material from this
card; destroy all Spells and Traps
on the field

You can detach 1 material from this
card, then target 1 "Dark Contract’

=:

‘BI Generate  -30


Frame 1189: D/D/D Dua—Dawn King Kall Yuga 6
fo © @®3500 ®3000
[Flend/Xy2/ Effect]
2 Level @ "D/D" monsters
Alter this card Is Xyz Summoned,
‘or the rest of this turn, other cards
nd their effects cannol be

tivated on the field, and other
cards' effects on the field are
negated.
Once per tum (Quick Effect): You
can detach 1 material from this
card; destroy all Spells and Traps
on the field.
You can detach 1 material fram this
card, then target 1 "Dark Contract’

ED

B +4
eo)

& jroo
Can Dismantie 1

i Disinanth


Frame 1190: sor ere | se

GR 22

Frame 1191: sor ere | se

GR 22

Frame 1192: Number C62: Nea Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phot @
@e @
(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]
3 Level 8 LIGHT monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using "Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes
Prime Photon Dragon" you control,
(Transfer its materials to this card.)
At the start of your Battle Phase:
You can detach 1 material trom this
card; this card can make up to 3
attacks on monsters during this
Battle Phase.

If this card has "Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon® as material, it gains
these effects.

@4000 ©3000

|
(dil ou to ovisn


Frame 1193: sot eae ae G22

Number C62: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phot: @

aa © aon @3000
{(Dragon/Xyz/Ettect]

8 Level 8 LIGHT monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using "Number 62; Galaxy-Eyes
Prime Photon Dragon” yau control.
(Transfer its materials to this card.)
At the start of your Battle Phase:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; this card can make up to 3
attacks on monsters during this
Battle Phase 2 Cannot Disinanti
If this card has "Galaxy—Eyes

Photon Dragon" as material, it gains | General By -30
these effects.

(Eo a
CanDismantie 0 | &~ i


Frame 1194: so

SC

Number C62: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phot: @

sa ©
[Dragon/Xyz/Effect]
3 Level 8 LIGHT monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using "Number 62; Galaxy—Eyes
Prime Photon Dragon" yau control.
(Transfer its materials to this card.)
At the start of your Battle Phase:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; this card can make up to 3
attacks on monsters during this
Battle Phase

if this card has "Galaxy—Eyes
Photan Dragon” as material, it gains
these effects.

@ano0 $3000

—— =»


Frame 1195: 501

cd: SC

Number C62: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phot: @

sa ©
[Dragon/Xyz/Effect]
3 Level 8 LIGHT monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using "Number 62; Galaxy—Eyes
Prime Photon Dragon" yau control.
(Transfer its materials to this card.)
At the start of your Battle Phase:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; this card can make up to 3
attacks on monsters during this
Battle Phase

if this card has "Galaxy—Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material, it gains
these effects.

@ano0 $3000

| <>


Frame 1196: so

2 ese 22

Number C62: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phot: @

sa ©
[Dragon/Xyz/Effect]
3 Level 8 LIGHT monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using "Number 62; Galaxy—Eyes
Prime Photon Dragon" yau control.
(Transfer its materials to this card.)
At the start of your Battle Phase:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; this card can make up to 3
attacks on monsters during this
Battle Phase

if this card has "Galaxy—Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material, it gains
these effects.

@anoo $3000

| <=

‘a Ge


Frame 1197: so

SC

Number C52: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Prime Phot: @

so © @aoo0 3000
[Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 8 LIGHT monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card
by using "Number 62; Galaxy—Eyes
Prime Photon Dragon" yau control.
(Transfer its materials to this card.)
At the start of your Battle Phase:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; this card can make up to 3
attacks on monsters during this
Battle Phase

if this card has "Galaxy—Eyes
Photan Dragon" as material, it gains
these effects.

r

Can Dismantie

‘a Ge


Frame 1198: Number €52; Neo Galaxy Eyes Prime Phat @
ga © @anno $3000
[(Dragon/Xyz/ Effect]

3 Level 8 LIGHT monsters

You can also Xyz Summon this card

< using “Number 62; Galaxy—Eyes

ime Photon Dragon" yau control,
Transfer its materials to this card.)
At the start of your Battle Phase:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; this card can make up to 3
attacks on monsters during this
Battle Phase

IF this card has "Galaxy—Eyes
Phaton Dragon" as material, it gains
these effects.

2 le

Gunerate

C A)


Frame 1199: sor ere | ae

GR 22

Frame 1200: Macha Phantom Beast Dracoasaek @

a7 & ®2apo ©2200
(Machine/xyz/Ettect]

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: Youcan detach,
material fron this card) Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokerts' (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0).

(m+ > )
While you control a Token, this.card Par a Bias s\n)
cannot be destroyed by battle or a Samenle tS 4

card effects. 5

nee per tur: Yau can Tripute-t 43 Dicmantie = +10
“Mecha Phantom Beast" monster, =) =>
then target 1 card on the fiald; ram yee

destroy that target. This card


Frame 1201: Macha Phantom Beast Dracossack

a7 8 @2a00 os
(Machine/Xyz/Effect)
2 Level 7 monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1
material rom this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Leve|

/ATK O/DEF 0).
While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.
Once per turn: You can Tribute: 1
“Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

= (ow to obtain

is - cz:

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantie

(ey


Frame 1202: i) 501

et: eC
Mecha Phantom Beast Dracassack I
a7 @

(Machine/Xyz/Effect]
2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
"Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

2600 ©2200

| (Alrew:o oman

=

elated Cards

ile

B+
& isoio
Can Dismantle me
A Dismantle = @ +10


Frame 1203: i) 501

2 Level 7 monsters

et: CE

Mecha Phantom Beast racossack e —— an )

a7 @ 200 ®2200 | |

{Machine/yz/effect] |
i

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
"Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

=<

& ioio
CanDismantle 1 —
Dismantie


Frame 1204: i) 501

et: eC
Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack cy a aE )
a7 @ ®2e00 2200

(Machine/xyz/eftect]

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
"Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

GW Related Cards
Dismantie

ae


Frame 1205: iy 501

2s se 22
Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack cy oS aE »
a7 @ ®2e00 2200

(Machine/xyz/eftect]

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
"Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

GW Related Cards
Dismantie

cae


Frame 1206: iy 501

ee: CT
Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack cy — aE )
a7 @ ®2e00 2200

(Machine/yz/eftect]

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
"Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

GW Related Cards
CanDismantie 1 (ES )
Dismantie

ae


Frame 1207: iy 501

pais se 22
Mecha Phantom Beast Dracassack cy — an )
a7 @ ®2e00 2200

(Machine/xyz/ettect]

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
"Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

GW Related Cards
Can Dismantie 1 (ES )
Dismantie

ae


Frame 1208: iy 501

pais se 22
Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack @ 0 an 5
a7 @ ®ze00 2200 |

(Machine/tyz/Effect)

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

es | (Avon oo01an
(Garoatea cas

=
i
Can Diamantia 1 -)

ca


Frame 1209: iy 501

aM How to obtain

2s se 22

Macha Phaatom Beant Dimcoaueck e, 9 CA 5
a7 @ ®2e00 ®2200 ———_ |

{Machine/Xyz/Effect] |

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; Special
Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
Tokens" (Machine/WIND/Level
3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
"Mecha Phantom Beast" monster,
then target 1 card on the field;
destroy that target. This card

Wm Related Cards

——

ca


Frame 1210: Mecha Phantom Beast Dracassack a

a7 6 @ze00 2200
(Machine/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 7 monsters

Once per tun: You can detach 1
terial from this card; Special

Gener 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast
okens" (Machine/WIND/Level

3/ATK O/DEF 0)

While you control a Token, this card
cannot be destroyed by battle or
card effects.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
“Mecha Phantom Beast" monster.
then target | card an the field;
destroy that target. This card

——) CR >
ce ‘i rtow 10 ovtain }


Frame 1211: ser ip2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1212: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1213: Kashtlea Arise—Heart

27
[Machine/Kya/Ettect}
3 Level 7 monsters
Once per turn, you can also Xyz
Summon "Kashtira Arise-Heart" by
using 1 "Kashtira" monster you
control, if an effect of "Kashtira
‘Shangri-tra” was successtully
activated this tum. (Transfer its
materials te this card.)

Any card sent to the GY is banished
Instead,

‘Once per Chain, each time a card(s)
is banished: Attach 1 banished card
to this card as material.

®3000 ©3000

eS

———m oH )

Jo
Jo)

Rotated Cards

& tino
Can Dismaniie 1

Ae ism t& +10


Frame 1214: i) 501

yes se ze
Kashtira Atise—Heart cas ( +)
ae @snnn @ano9 |) ——— Z

(Machine/xyz/Effect)

3 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn. you can also Xyz
Summon "Kashtira Arise-Heart" by
using 1 "Kashtira" monster you
control, if an effect of "Kashtira
Shangri-lra" was successfully
activated this turn. (Transter its
materials to this card.)

Any card sent to the GY is banished
instead.

Once per Chain, each time a card(s)
is banished: Attach 1 banished card
to this card as material.

| Gms)
& ivoi0
Can Diamanile ew )


Frame 1215: i) 501

2s se 22

or
[Machine/xyz/Ettect) | dl How to obtain

3 Level 7 monsters |

Once per turn. you can also Xyz ic Related Carda
Summon "Kashtira Arise-Heart” by |

using 1 "Kashtira" monster you iL.

control, if an effect of "Kashtira
Shangri-lra" was successfully & io

activated this turn. (Transfer Its gine 5

materials to this card.) ey

Any card sent to the GY is banished

Once per Chain, each time a card(s),
is banished: Attach 1 banished card
to this card as matetlal.

Kashtira Atise-Heart eo —_
‘

&7 @ ®3nn0 ®3000 | | i] p
}


Frame 1216: i) 501

et: CT

Kashitira Avise-Heart | —_——a
oa aa: =
a7 @ @3m00 ®3000 | ————_ |
[Machine/Xyz/Effect) | (AM How to onan
3 Level 7 monsters i

Once per turn, you can also Xyz ( GW Related Cards
Suminon "Kashtira Arise-Heart" by \

using 1 "Kashtira" monster you iL.

control, if an effect of "Kashtira
Shangri-|ra" was successfully & jroo

activated this turn. (Transter its BH 4
materials to this card.) can eet

Any card sent to the GY is banished

instead. a antle +10

Once per Chain, each time a card(s)
is banished: Attach 1 banished card wal en 1 in
to this card as matetlal.


Frame 1217: iy 501

ee: eC

Kashitira Atise-Heart a i =z rx] y
a7 @ ®s3on0 ®3000 ah
[Machine/Xyz/Effect) gl How to obtain
3 Level 7 monsters

Once per turn, you can also Xyz (‘Ci Retates Care
Suminon "Kashtira Arise-Hearl" by a

Shangri-|ra" was successtully & io

activated this turn. (Transter its Sa

Any card sent to the GY is banished

instead % — Dinmanti ® vic

is banished: Attach 1 banished card

to this card as matetlal.

using 1 "Kashtira" monster you

control, if an effect of "Kashtira a
materials to this card.) ey

Once per Chain, each time a card(s)


Frame 1218: Kashtira Arise-Heart,

#7 ® @su00 @3500
[Machine/Xyz/Eftect)

3 Level 7 monsters.

Once per tum, you can aise Xyz

summon "Kashtira Arise—Heart® by
sing 1 "Kashtira” monster you
control, if an effect of "Kashtira
Shangri-|ra" was successfully
activated this turn. (Transter its
materials to this card.)
Any card sent ta the GY is banished
instead.

Once per Chain, each time a card(s)
is banished: Attach 1 banishea card
to this card as materlal.

Gunsraie


Frame 1219: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1220: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1221: Ultimate Draganic Utopia Ray @

*s o @2500 ©2000
[Warrlor/XyavEtrect]

3 Level 5 monsters

(This card Is always Wreated as
“Number C39; Utopia Ray".)

Once per turn, when a card or
effect Is activated thal targets this
card, or when this card is targeted
for an attack (Quick Effect): You
can equip 1 *ZW —" monster from
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's
effect

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material trom this card, then target

& toro

Can Dismantie 0

Distantte


Frame 1222: sor pets «se ae

Ultimate Dragonte Utopia Ray &

as 0 S200 ©2000
(Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]
3 Level 5 monsters
(This card is always treated as
“Number C39; Utopia Ray*.)

<q Once per turn, when a card oF
effect is activated that targets this
card, or when this card is targeted = & v0
for an attack (Quick Effect): You ConDiananile 0 [oa]
can equip 1 "ZW —" monster from
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's annot
effect.
Once per turn: You can detach 1 ie "
material from this card, then target


Frame 1223: sor eis se ae

Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray ®

Ca
$5 8 ®zs00 Sz000 ibe a )

( AA How to ontain

WB Related Cards

"Number C39; Utopia Ray") (Grinacwes)
Once per turn, when a card oF ea

effect is activated that targets this 5 inf
card, or when this card is targeted ivaio

° a!
for an attack (Quick Effect): You 7, Ge
can equip 1 "ZW -"monster fram “SAMAR _T
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's 5 ‘annot Dismantie
effect.
Once per turn: You can detach 1 ‘it
material from this card, then target

(Warrlor/xXyz/Effect)
3 Level § monsters
(This card Is always treated as


Frame 1224: sor pets se ae

Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray ®

Ca
$5 8 ®zs00 $2000 abe a )

( AA How to ontain

WB Related Cards

"Number C39; Utopia Ray") (Gminacwey)
Once per turn, when a card oF es 4A

effect is activated that targets this - inf
card, or when this card is targeted & ine
for an attack (Quick Effect): You a, Ge

can equip 1 "ZW -"monster fram “PARA _T

your hand or Deck to this card as if

it were equipped by that monster's 5 annot Dismantic

effect.

(Warrlor/xXyz/Effect)
3 Level § monsters
(This card Is always treated as

Once per turn: You can detach 1 ve
material from this card, then target


Frame 1225: i) 501

et: Ce
Utimate Dragonie Utopia Ray ® ———
#5 2 eso0 S200 Ca

(Warrlor/xyz/Effect]
3 Level § monsters

(This card Is always treated as
“Number C39; Utopia Ray".)

Once per turn, when a card or
effect ts activated that targets this
card, or when this card is targeted
for an attack (Quick Effect): You
can equip 1 "ZW —" monster from
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's
effect.

nce per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

AA How to obtain

=-—

‘i

& - =”

ConDimantte 0 [ES

Cannot Dismantic


Frame 1226: i) 501

zis se 22

Ultimate Dragonic Utapia Ray ®& f il CA. )
£5 8 ®z2500 62000
(Wartortva/teet iE ee
i

3 Level § monsters

(This card is always treated as
"Number C39; Utopia Ray",)

Once per turn, when a card or
effect is activated that targets this
card, or when this card |s targeted
for an attack (Quick Effect): You
can equip 1 "ZW —" monster fram
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's Cannot Dismnantic
effect.

Once per turn: You can detach 1 tpt
material from this card, then target


Frame 1227: a) 501

2s se 22

Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray ®

os 9 ®zs00 ®2000
(Warrlor/Xyz2/Effect]

3 Level § monsters

(This card |s always treated as
"Number C39; Utopia Ray".)

Once per turn, when a card or
effect is activated thal targets this
card, or when this card is targeted
for an attack (Quick Effect): You
can equip 1 "ZW —" monster from
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's
effect.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

i

Can Dismantle

ral Cm)

How to Obtain


Frame 1228: i) 501

pais ese 22

Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray ®

os 9 ®zs00 2000
(Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level § monsters

(This card Is always treated as
"Number C39; Utopia Ray".)

Once per turn, when a card or
effect is activated that targets this
card, or when this card is targeted
for an attack (Quick Effect): You
can equip 1 "ZW —" monster fram
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's
effect.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card, then target

——s

Can Dismantle

a


Frame 1229: Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray ®
as 0 @zs00 62000
(Wartior/Xy2/Efect)

3 Level § monsters

(This card is always treated as
rcs C39; Utopia Ray".)

ce per turn, when a card or

fect is activated that targets this
card, or when this card is targeted
for an attack (Quick Effect): You
can equip 1 "ZW -" monster fram
your hand or Deck to this card as if
it were equipped by that monster's
effect.
Once par turn: You can detach 1 CJ
material from thls card, then target


Frame 1230: sor ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1231: sor ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1232: Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray

5 8 2500 ©:
[Warrlar/Xyz/Etfect]

3 Level 5 monsters

(This card Is always treated as
“Number C39; Utopia Ray".)
Once per turn; You can detach 1
material trom this card, equip 1
"ZW —" monster from your Deck or
Extra Deck to this card as It it were
equipped by that monster's effect.
This effect's activation and effect
cannot be negated

Once per turn, while this card is
equipped with a "ZW —" Monster
Card (Quick Effect): You can target

s iioro

Can Dismanile 0

Canno

Bo +4

m4

Slamantis
i -30


Frame 1233: sor eis «se ae

Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray @,
#5 © @zsnn @2zoun | ———
Wartior?ky2/Ettectl |

3 Level 5 monsters
(This card is always treated as (‘Girma cares
"Number C39; Utopia Ray*.) Zz,

<q Once per turn: You can detach 1 t wo.
material from this card; equip 1 -
"ZW —" monster from your Deck or & ivoso
Extra Deck to this card as if it were Can Dismantie 0 | a

equipped by that monster's effect.
This effect's activation and effect

cannot be negated. -h Cannot Dism
Once per turn, while this card is
equipped with a "ZW —" Monster ‘8 Gone

Card (Quick Effect): You can target


Frame 1234: i) 501

ais se i 22
Ultimate Lao Utapia Ray a
5 @ 2500 @z000 | | C A)

[Warrlor/xy2/Eftect]
3 Level 5 monsters

(This card |s always treated as
"Number C39; Utopia Ray".)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; equip 1
"ZW —" monster from your Deck or
Extra Deck to this card as if it were
equipped by that monster's effect.
This effect's activation and effect
cannot be negated,

Once per turn, while this card is
equipped with a "ZW —" Monster
Card (Quick Effect): You can target

| (Avenoonn
=:
CanDismanite 0 [ES )

Cannot E


Frame 1235: ser zis se ae

Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray e ———
a5 @ eeson e200 | |

(Wartortveteet | |

3 Level 5 monsters |

(This card is always treated as
“Number C39; Utopia Ray".) =

Once, por lum: You can Hater iL =
material from this card; equip 1

"ZW —" monster from your Deck or = ____—‘4/0/0
Extra Deck to this card as if it were Can Dismantia 0. a

equipped by that monster's effect.

This effect's activation and effect

cannot be negated. as Cannot E
Once per turn, while this card is

equipped with a "ZW —" Monster _

Card (Quick Effect): You can target


Frame 1236: ay 501

pais ese 22
Ultimate Leo Utapia Ray e® _—*
#5 8 ®2s00 ®2000 a |

[Warrlor/xy2/Eftect]
3 Level 5 monsters

(This card |s always treated as
"Number C39; Utopia Ray".)

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; equip 1
"ZW —" monster from your Deck or
Extra Deck to this card as if it were
equipped by that monster's effect.
This effect's activation and effect
cannot be negated.

Once per turn, while this card is
equipped with a "ZW —" Monster
Card (Quick Effect): You can target

|
=

& inno 10/0
CanDismanite 0 [ES )

Cannot E


Frame 1237: sor pets se ae

Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray e —— —wrmee
es @ osm e200 | | CA)
Warrtorya/etfect |
3 Level 5 monsters }

(This card is always treated as
"Number C39; Utopia Ray") ed

Once per tum: You can detach 1
material from this card; equip 1 ¥
=

"ZW —" monster from your Deck or & ivoi0
Extra Deck to this card as ifit were Gai piamantia 0
equipped by that monster's effect.  “"==mann _T
This effect's activation and effect

cannot be negated. re Cannot C
Once per turn, while this card is
equipped with a "ZW —" Monster
Card (Quick Effect); You can target


Frame 1238: Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray

(Warrlor/Xyz/Efect)

3 Level § monsters

(This card Is always treated as

Number C39; Utopia Ray")

oe per turn; You can detach 1
jaterial from this card; equip 1

"ZW —* monster from your Deck or

Extra Deck to this card as if it were

equipped by that monster's effect.

This effect's activation and effect

cannot be negated.

Once per turn, while this card is

equipped with a "ZW —" Monster

Card (Quick Effect): You can target

es @ ®es00 2000

3)


Frame 1239: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1240: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1241: Number 39: Utopia

©

a. o e500 ©2000
[Warrlor/Xy2/Etfect]

2 Level 4 monsters

When 2 monster declares an attack.
You can detach 1 material from this
card, negate the attack.

If this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy
this card

Cards


Frame 1242: sor zis se ae
Number 38: Utopia 7 a

[Warrlor/xy2/Effect]
2 Level 4 monsters

When a monster declares an attack:
< You can detach 1 material from this

card; negate the altack,

If this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy
this card.


Frame 1243: i) 591

pais ese 22

Number 39: Utopia ®

ea @ ®2500 62000
[Warrlor/xy2/Eftect]

2 Level 4 monsters

When a monster declares an attack:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; negate the attack,

If this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy

this card,

if

= Gm

WB Rolated Cards

|


Frame 1244: i) 501

2s ese 22

Number 39: Utopia ®

ea @ ®2500 62000
[Warrlor/xy2/Eftect]

2 Level 4 monsters

When a monster declares an attack:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; negate the attack,

If this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy

this card,

f

ua

—)( B_)

Wm Rolated Cards

|


Frame 1245: i) 501

et: eC

Number 39: Utopia ®

a @ ®2500 62000
[Warrlor/xy2/Eftect]

2 Level 4 monsters

When a monster declares an attack:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; negate the attack,

If this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy

this card,

ua

—)( B_)

Wm Rolated Cards

|


Frame 1246: iy 501

et: eC

Number 39: Utopia ®

a @ @2s00 62000
[Warrlor/xy2/Effect]

2 Level 4 monsters

When a monster declares an attack:
You can detach 1 material from this
card; negate the attack,

If this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy

this card,

ua

= €.D

|@


Frame 1247: sor zis se ae

Number 39: Utopia ®
a 8 @®2500 #2000

(Wartlor/xy2/Ettect] al How to obtain

2 Level 4 monsters
When a monster declares an attack:
You can detach 1 material from this
< card; negate the attack

If this card is largeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy
this card.

Pale
:


Frame 1248: i) 501

2s se 22

Number 39: Utopia ®
aa ®2s00 62000
(Warrlor/Xyz/ Effect]

2 Level 4 monsters

When a monster declares an attack;
You can detach 1 material from this
card; negate the attack.

If this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy
this card.

— &-@


Frame 1249: se: zis se ae

Number 38: Utopla ®

ea 0 @®2500 2000
[Warrior Xyz/Effect)
2 Level 4 monsters
When a monster declares an attack.
yYou can detach 1 material from this
< ard; negate the attack

this card is targeted for an attack,
while it has no material: Destroy
this card.

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1250: sor ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1251: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1252: Evolzar Laggia @
ka ot 2400 ®2000
[Dragonvxyz/Etfect

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When 2 monster(s) would be Normal
ot Special Summoned, OR a
Spell/Trap Card is activated (Quick
Effect): You can detach 2 materials
from this card; negate the Summon
oy activation, and if you do, cestroy
it.

-!

CR )
(AM How to onan
=o


Frame 1253: i) 501

2s se 22

a © @2a00 ®2000 fi.)
|

Evolzar Laggia ry
{(Dragon/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When a monster(s) would be Normal
or Special Summoned, OR a
Spell/Trap Card is activated (Quick
Effect): You can detach 2 materials
from this card; negate the Summon
or activation, and it you do, destroy
It,


Frame 1254: i) 501

eC

Fioker Lain e | a
eae ®zan0 ® 2000 =
[Dragon/xyz/Ettect] A How to Obtain

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When a monster{s) would be Normal
or Special Summoned, OR a
Spell/Trap Card is activated (Quick
Effect): You can detach 2 materials
from this card; negate the Summon
or activation, and if you do, destroy
it,

re)

& jroo

Can Dismantie 1

Dismantle t +10

ra


Frame 1255: i) 501

pais se 22

Fiabe Lapin @ )

e | es Gl: D
[Dragon/xXyz/Etfect] |

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When a monster{s) would be Normal
or Special Summoned, OR a
Spell/Trap Card is activated (Quick
Effect): You can detach 2 materials
from this card; negate the Summon
or activation, and if you do, destroy
it,

& jroo
a “3

-%  Dismantle +10

ra


Frame 1256: i) 501

pais ese 22

Fiabe Lapin @ )

e —— es Gl:
[Dragon/xXyz/Etfect] |

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When a monster{s) would be Normal
or Special Summoned, OR a
Spell/Trap Card is activated (Quick
Effect): You can detach 2 materials
from this card; negate the Summon
or activation, and if you do, destroy
it,

& jroo
a “i

-®  Dismantle +10

ra


Frame 1257: a) 501

pais ese 22

Fioker Lain @ —

e = aa GD
[Dragon/xyz/Ettect] |

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When a monster{s) would be Normal
or Special Summoned, OR a
Spell/Trap Card is activated (Quick
Effect): You can detach 2 materials
from this card; negate the Summon
or activation, and if you do, destroy
it,

Related Cards
& ivoio
g -1
Can Dismantie 1 |=

-®  Dismantle +10

‘i


Frame 1258: i) 501

pais se 22

Evokeer Lapin o, C 5
a4 @ ®2a00 #2000 —————

[Dragon/xyz/Etfect] |

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When a monster(s) would be Normal
or Special Summoned, OR a
Spell/Trap Card |s activated (Quick
Effect): You can detach 2 materials
from this card; negate the Summon
or activation, and if you do, destroy
it,

WitRelated Cards
& jvoio
og -1
Can Dismantle 1 (E~

-&  Dismantle +10

‘General :


Frame 1259: Evolzar Laggia

a4 ¢

(Dragon/Xyz/Efect]

2 Level 4 Dinosaur monsters

When a monster(s) would be Normal
1 Special Summoned, OR a

Gee Card is activated (Quick
Hect): You can detach 2 materials

trom this card; negate the Summon

or activation, and if you do, destroy
It.

®zap0 Sz2000

(Avion 2 ota) How ta Obtain

~~" |

=

+1

i010

i)

Can Dismanile

Gunerate


Frame 1260: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1261: sor 2s | se

GR 22

Frame 1262: Blade Armor Ninja

e
fa @2200 ©1000
(Warrlat/Xyz/Etfect]

2 Level 4 Warrlor—Type monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1

Xyz Material {rom this card, then
target 1 "Ninja" monster you
contro|| it can make a second

attack during each Battle Phase this
turn

a=

om

(A How to obtain

— fo +
& aio
Con Bismantte 1 (EY


Frame 1263: i) 501

2s ese i 22

Blade Armor Ninja a
ea @
[Warrlor/Xyz/Etfect]
2 Level 4 Warrlor—Type monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card, then
target 1 “Ninja” monster you
control; it can make a second

attack during each Battle Phase this
turn,

2200 1000

= 4

paar /

iL

& oviso

Can Dismantle mo
& @ +15


Frame 1264: ser pets se ae

Blade Armor Ninja ry ——
ma in ®2200 1000 aa | C )
}
|

(Warrlor/Xyz/Etfect]

2 Level 4 WarriorType monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1

Xyz Material from this card, then

target 1 "Ninja" monster you L__¢)
control; it can make a second

attack during each Battie Phase this g oviso
turn BQ o-1
Can Dismantle 4 ani

How to Obtain

lated Cards


Frame 1265: iy 501

zis se a2

Blade Armor Ninja ry
a4 8 2200 #1000
(Warrlor/Xyz/Etfect]

2 Level 4 WarriorType monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1

Xyz Material from this card, then
target 1 "Ninja" monster you

control; it can make a second

attack during each Battie Phase this
turn.

r a

al

& oviso

Can Dismantie 1

-%  Dismantle

Gh +15


Frame 1266: i) 501

2s se 22
Blade Armor Ninja e —* wa)
4 @ ®2e00 1000

(Warrlor/Xyz/Etfect]

2 Level 4 WarriorType monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card, then
target 1 "Ninja" monster you
control; it can make a second
attack during each Battie Phase this
turn,

=)
Bg +1

-—I

& oviso

Can Dismantie 1

4 Dismantle §=— fh) +15


Frame 1267: sor «pets se ae

Blade Armor Ninja ry r i CA)
ga 8 ®2200 #1000 a |
|

(Warrlor/Xyz/Etfect]
2 Level 4 WarriorType monsters

Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card, then
target 1 “Ninja” monster you iL.

control; it can make a second

attack during each Battle Phase this g orivo
turn.


Frame 1268: i) 501

pais se 22
Blade Armor Ninja @ 0
[
aa 8 geno @1c00 | | CA)

(Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 4 WarriorType monsters
Once per turn; You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card, then
target 1 "Ninja" monster you
control; it can make a second
attack during each Battle Phase this
turn,

Gh +15

& oviyo
CanDismantle 1

Dismantle


Frame 1269: i 501

2s ese 22
Blade Armar Ninja @ = —— a
ga @ ®z200 1000 = C A)

(Wartlor/xyz/Etfect]
2 Level 4 WarriorType monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card, then
target 1 "Ninja" monster you
control; it can make a second
attack during each Battle Phase this
turn,

if
& |

8 Dismantle +15


Frame 1270: @Q= © @s De

#4 @ ®ze00 #1000
[Warrior/Xyzseftect)

2 Level 4 Warrior—Type monsters
Once per turn; You can detach 1

‘yz Material from this card, then
get 1 “Ninja* monster you
‘ontral; it can make a second

attack during each Battle Phase this
turn

Blade Armor Ninja a


Frame 1271: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1272: sor p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1273: Aujintel Susanowe ®
ea w @2a00 ©1600
[Beast-Warrlor/Xy2/Effect)

2 Level 4 "Bujin” monsters

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls once each.
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card; take 1
“Bujin" monster from your Deck,

and either add jt ta your hand or
send it to the Graveyard.

You can only contra! 1 "Bujintei
Susanowo"

tg
& ioro
‘AS Dismantie

™ General
: jones

How to Obtain

Cards

itis

Bo +


Frame 1274: sor pets se ae
Bujintei Susanowo = aa. aa
ea © @zann 100 | C }
a
2 Level 4 "Bujin" monsters
This card can attack all monsters
< your eppenent controls once each. =,
|
4

[Beast-Warrlor/Xyz/Eftect]

Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card; take 1 =
"Bujin": monster from your Deck, & ivoia

and either add it to your hand or aa Ey ot
send it to the Graveyard.

You can only contral 1 "Bujintei
Susanowo"


Frame 1275: iy 501

pais se 22
Bujintei Susanowo @,
kaw ®zan0 1500

[Boast-Warrlor/Xyz/Eftect]
2 Level 4 "Bujin” monsters

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls once each.
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card; take 1
"Bulin" monster from your Deck
and either add it to your hand or
send it to the Graveyard

You can only control 1 "Bujintei
Susanowo".

-_ =

& ivoo

Can Dismantle

Dis:


Frame 1276: i) 501

2s ese 22
Bujintei Susanowo ®
ea ®zan0 1500 | =—

[Boast-Warrlor/Xyz/Eftect]

2 Level 4 "Bujin” monsters

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls once each.
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card; take 1
"Bulin" monster from your Deck,
and either add it to your hand or
send it to the Graveyard

You can only control 1 "Bujintei
Susanowo".

& ino
Eg
Can Dismante 1 | *~


Frame 1277: i) 501

pais se 22
Bujintei Susanowo ®
ea ®zan0 1800 | =

[Boast-Warrlor/Xyz/Eftect]

2 Level 4 "Bujin” monsters

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls once each.
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card; take 1
"Bulin" monster from your Deck,
and either add it to your hand or
send it to the Graveyard

You can only control 1 "Bujintei
Susanowo".

& ino
Eg
CanDismante 1 | *~


Frame 1278: iy 501

2s se 22
Hojintal Susman) ® —=
oe — i os GD

TBeast-Warrlor/Xyz/Eftect]

2 Level 4 "Bujin” monsters

This card can attack all monsters
your opponent controls once each.
Once per turn: You can detach 1
Xyz Material from this card; take 1
"Bulin" monster from your Deck
and either add it to your hand or
send it to the Graveyard

You can only control 1 "Bujintei
Susanowo".


Frame 1279: Bufintel Susanowa ®

fa w @eapo 1500
[Beast-Warr\or/Xyz/Eftsct)

2 Level 4 "“Bujin" monsters

This card can attack al| monsters
our opponent controls once each.

@nce per turn: You can detach 1
yz Material from this card; take 1
"Bujin" monster Irom your Deck
and either add it to your hand or
send itto the Graveyard

You can only contral 1 "Bujintei
Susanowo".


Frame 1280: sor p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1281: = Bilin Amalerasu. ©
ow *zap0 ®2gsop
(Bemst-WarriortXya/Etioct)
3 Level 4 monsters:
You can only contre! | "Bujinki

‘ Anmalerasu™.

<q Once par tumedising.eithanpaens BD > )
tupn; You can detach 1 Xyz Material cee FO
fram this card; apply this eHect, & ware

depending on whose turn it is; Sa ar
@Vour turn: Target 1 ol your ‘= ia
banished Level 4-or jawer monsters}
Special Summon tha} target

pe opponent's turn: Target, 1 of

your banished Level 4 or lawer +
monsters: add that tareat to your =


Frame 1282: Bujinki Amaterasu @

ea w @2a00 ©2500
([Beast-Warrior/Xyz/Etfect)

3 Level 4 monsters

You can only contro! 1 "Bujinki
Amaterasu".

Once per turn, during either player's
turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material
trom this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is.
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summan that target.

@Your opponent's turn: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 on lower
monsters: add that taract to vour


Frame 1283: iy 501

rs se Gz

[ Bujinkt Amaterasu &

aa @ze0n G2500
{Beast-Warrlor/Xyz/Eftect]

3 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 "Bujinki
Amaterasu".

Once per turn, during either player's
turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material
from this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is.
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summon that target.

@Your opponent's turn: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 or lower
monsters: add that taraet to vour


Frame 1284: iy 501

pais se 22
Bujinki Amaterasu ®
ma ®2e00 ®2500 | eae C W_»)

[Beast-Warrlor/Xy2/Effect]
3 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 "Bujinki
Amaterasu"

Once per turn, during either player's
turn; You can detach 1 Xyz Material
from this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is.
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summon that target.

@Your opponent's tun: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 or lower
monsters: add that taraet to vour

Cag

‘a
al


Frame 1285: iy 501

et: eC
Bujinki Amaterasu ®
ma ®2s00 ®2500 | = CR)

{Beast-Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 "Bujinki
Amaterasu"

Once per turn, during either player's
turn; You can detach 1 Xyz Material
from this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is.
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summon that target.

@Your opponent's tun: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 or lower
monsters: add that taraet to vour

vag

a
t


Frame 1286: i) 501

pais ese 22
Bujinki Amaterasu ®
ma ®2e00 ®2500 | = C W_)

[Boast-Warrlor/Xy2/Eftect]
3 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 "Bujinki
Amaterasu"

Once per turn, during either player's
turn; You can detach 1 Xyz Material
from this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is.
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summon that target.

@Your opponent's tun: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 or lower
monsters: add that taraet to vour

vag

a
al


Frame 1287: iy 501

et: eC
Bujinki Amaterasu ®
ma ®2e00 ®2500 | =I CA)

[{Beast-Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 "Bujinki
Amaterasu"

Once per turn, during either player's
turn; You can detach 1 Xyz Material
from this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is.
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summon that target.

@Your opponent's tun: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 or lower
monsters: add that taraet to vour

vag

a
t


Frame 1288: iy 501

2s se 22
Bujinki Amaterasu ®
ma ®2e00 ®2500 | =I CA)

[{Beast-Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 "Bujinki
Amaterasu"

Once per turn, during either player's
turn; You can detach 1 Xyz Material
from this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is.
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summon that target.

@Your opponent's tun: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 or lower
monsters: add that taraet to vour

“ag

a
t


Frame 1289: i 501

pais se 22

[Beast-Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]

3 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 “Bujinki
Amaterasu"

Once per tum, during either player's [
turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material E
from this card; apply this effect, & $7010
depending on whose turn it is. nee 4
@Your turn: Target 1 of your ————
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;

Special Summon that target. “7 Dismantle iB) +10
@Your opponent's turn: Target 1 of
your hanished Level 4 or lower
monsters: add that taraet to vour

Bujinki Amaterasu = = ==
eae ®2500 2500 ——rl
|
i


Frame 1290: Bujinki Amaterasu @ =

ga we ®ze00 2500
[Beast-Warrlor/Xyz/Effect]

8 Level 4 monsters

You can only control 1 "Bujink!

naterasu”:
ince per turn, during either player's

urn; You can detach | Xyz Material
from this card; apply this effect,
depending on whose turn it is,
@Your turn: Target 1 of your
banished Level 4 or lower monsters;
Special Summon that target.

@Your opponent's turn: Target 1 of
your banished Level 4 or lower "Generate =f) -3D
monsters: add that taraet to your


Frame 1291: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1292: Timasias Magician cy ~~ od a )

Hi
|

wa 0 e200 @ism |
{Spalieastar’Xyq/EMtact!

2 Level 4 "Magiclan! Pendulum +
Monsters:

<q Must Tirst Bis Xy2'SumiMoned wilt)

the above malerals
| pce 'per turn: You c3)) detwehn
material trom, this car) add to your
hand,1 DARK Spellcaster monster
from your Deck, GY. of face-up.
| Bara Deck
Opce per thir, if 9 Peneulumy
Monster Cara(s) in your Monster
Zone. or Pendulim Zane: would "be =
destroyeo by battle of card effect,


Frame 1293: Timestar Magician ®
4 9 @2400 G1200
[Spelicaster/Xy2/Effect)

2 Level 4 “Magician” Pendulum
Monsters

Must first be Xyz Summoned with
the above materials.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card) add to your
hand, 1 DARK Spellcaster monster
from your Deck, GY. or face-up
Extra Deck.

‘Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone wauld be
destroyed by battle or card effect,

toro
CanDismantla 0

Canna

Ca)
(=)


Frame 1294: iy 501

pais ese 22
Timestar Magician e
#4 2 @2a00 S1200
{Spellicaster/Xy2/Etfectl

2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum
Monsters

Must first be Xyz Summoned with
the above materials.

Once per turn: You can detach 1
material from this card; add to your
hand, 1 DARK Spelicaster monster
from your Deck, GY, or face-up
Extra Deck.

Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone would be
destroyed by battle or card effect,

& ino
Candiamantio 0 [EY )


Frame 1295: iy 501

pais se 22

Timestar Magician @

£49 2400 #1200
(Spelicaster/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum
Monsters

Must first be Xyz Summoned with
the above materials.

Once per turn; You can detach 1
material from this card; add to your.
hand, 1 DARK Spellcaster monster
from your Deck, GY, or face-up
Extra Deck

Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone would be
destroyed by battle or card effect,

& ivoio

=


Frame 1296: i) 501

2s se a2

Timestar Magician @

£4 9 ®2a00 1200
(Spelicaster/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum
Monsters

Must first be Xyz Summoned with
the above materials.

Once per turn; You can detach 1
material from this card; add to your.
hand, 1 DARK Spellcaster monster
from your Deck, GY, or face-up
Extra Deck

Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone would be
destroyed by battle or card effect,

& ivoio

=


Frame 1297: i) 501

pais se a2

Timestar Magician @

£4 9 ®2a00 #1200
(Spelicaster/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum
Monsters

Must first be Xyz Summoned with
the above materials.

Once per turn; You can detach 1
material from this card; add to your.
hand, 1 DARK Spellcaster monster
from your Deck, GY, or face-up
Extra Deck

Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone would be
destroyed by battle or card effect,

& ivoio

=


Frame 1298: ser pets se ae

Timestar Magician @

£49 @zan0 ®1200
(Spellcaster/Xy2/Etfect]

2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum
Monsters

Must first be Xyz Summoned with

the above materials. Cla
Once per turn; You can detach 1 .
=H

material from this card; add to your = & isola

hand, 1 DARK Spelicaster monster. ismantia 0

from your Deck, GY, or face-up
Extra Deck

Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone would be ‘a eral
destroyed by battle or card effect,


Frame 1299: iy 501

pais se 22

Timestar Magician a

£49 ®2a00 #1200
(Spelicaster/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum
Monsters

Must first be Xyz Summoned with
the above materials.

Once per turn; You can detach 1
material from this card; add to your
hand, 1 DARK Spellcaster monster
from your Deck, GY, or face-up
Extra Deck

Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone would be
destroyed by battle or card effect,

& joio

=H


Frame 1300: #4 a @eano $1200
[Spallcaster/Xy2/Effect]
2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum
Monsters

just first be Xyz Summoned with
he abave materials,

nce per turn: You can detach 1

material from this card; add to your
hand, 1 DARK Spelicaster monster
from your Deck, GY, or face—up
Extra Deck,
Once per turn, if a Pendulum
Monster Card(s) in your Monster
Zone or Pendulum Zone would be
destroyed by battle or card effect,

Timestar Magician 6


Frame 1301: sor ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1302: iy 501

2s = Gas

GR 22

Frame 1303: Time Thief Redoer

&

a4 @ ®2a00 ®2000

[Poyehie/Xya/etfect]
2 Level 4 monsters

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase; You can atiach the top card
‘of your opponent's Deck to this
card as material.

(Quick Effect); You can detach up
to 3 different types of materials
from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached.

@ Monster: Banish this card unti)
the End Phase

@Spe|, Draw 1 card

aD
=

=F

& oiso

Can Bismantia


Frame 1304: iy 501

2s se | ae

Time Thief Redoer @
aa 8 ®za00 ®2000
[Psychic/Xyz/Effect)

2 Level 4 monsters

Qnce per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can allach the top card
of your opponent's Deck to this

card as material.

(Quick Effect): You can detach up

to 3 different types of materials

from this card, then apply the
following efiect(s) depending an
what was detached

@Monster: Banish this card until

the End Phase. ica
@Spell: Draw 1 card.


Frame 1305: i) 501

pais se 22

Time Thief Redaer @

(Psychic/Xyz/Etfect)
2 Level 4 monsters

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can allach the lop card
of your opponent's Deck to this
card as material.

(Quick Effect): You can detach up
to 3 different types of materials
from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached

@Monster: Banish this card until
the End Phase.

@Soell: Draw 1 card.

4 ® ®2a00 #2000 |
i

)


Frame 1306: iy 501

pais se 22

Time Thief Redaer @

(Psychic/Xyz/Etfect]
2 Level 4 monsters

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can allach the lop card
of your opponent's Deck to this
card as material.

(Quick Effect): You can detach up
to 3 different types of materials
from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached

@Monster: Banish this card until
the End Phase.

@Snell: Draw 1 card.

4 ® ®2an0 #2000 |
i

)


Frame 1307: i) 501

pas se a2

Time Thief Redaer @

(Psychic/Xyz/Etfect)
2 Level 4 monsters

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can allach the lop card
of your opponent's Deck to this
card as material.

(Quick Effect): You can detach up
to 3 different types of materials
from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached

@Monster: Banish this card until
the End Phase.

@Snell: Draw 1 card.

4 ® ®2a00 #2000 |
i

)


Frame 1308: i) 501

et: CT

Time Thief Redaer @

(Psychic/Xyz/Etfect]
2 Level 4 monsters

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can allach the lop card
of your opponent's Deck to this
card as material.

(Quick Effect): You can detach up
to 3 different types of materials
from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached

@Monster: Banish this card until
the End Phase.

@Snell: Draw 1 card.

4 ® ®2an0 #2000 fF
i

& rive
Can Dismantle

WW Related Cards

+15


Frame 1309: iy 501

et: eC
Time Thief Redaer a
ea ®

(Psychlc/Xyz/Etfect]
2 Level 4 monsters
Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can allach the lop card
of your opponent's Deck to this
card as material.

(Quick Effect): You can detach up
to 3 different types of materials
from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached

@Monster: Banish this card until
the End Phase.

@Snell: Draw 1 card.

|__| 2D
®zanp ®2000 ol

+15

& oro
Can Dismantle 1


Frame 1310: iy 501

et: eC
Time Thief Redaer @
aa ® ®zano #2000
(Psychlc/xyz/Etfect]

2 Level 4 monsters

Once per turn, during the Standby
Phase: You can allach the lop card
of your opponent's Deck to this
card as material.

(Quick Effect): You can detach up
to 3 different types of materials
from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached

@Monster: Banish this card until
the End Phase.

@Spell: Draw 1 card.

2 ovilo
a]
Can Dismantle my
% Diemantle


Frame 1311: Time Thiet Redoer 8
ae @eano G2000
[Psychic/Xyz/Effect]

2 Level 4 monsters

Once per tum, during the Standby
Gics You can allach the top card

fp your opponent's Deck to this
ard as material.

(Quick Effect); You can detach up

to 3 different types of materials

from this card, then apply the
following effect(s) depending on
what was detached

@Nonster: Banish this card until
the End Phase.

@Soell: Draw 1 card.


Frame 1312: ser pais | se

GR 22

Frame 1313: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1314: Rasietliger

eae
[Cyberse/Link/etfect!

2+ monsters, except Tokens

You can target 1 Link Monster in
either GY; this card gains ATK equal
lo that target's ATK until the end of
this turn.

You can Tribute any number of your
monsters this card points to;
destroy ar) equal number of cards
on the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Rasterliger” once per turn.

=

oi

Can Dismantle

o(ee 1)


Frame 1315: Qa Gi Se we

{CybersesLink/étectl | \
2+ monsters, except Tokens
You can target 1 Link Monster in | e i
aither GY; this card gains ATK equal
<q to that target's ATK until the end of | fi >
this turn ° | oa

You can Tribute any number of your & ivo/0

monsters this card points to; = _Ce
destroy an equal number of cards Sa Hlsmantie_0
on the field. -

| You can only use each effect of ; annat D t

"Rasterliger" once per turn


Frame 1316: iy 501

2s ese 22

Rastevtiger a

nae 2000
(Cyberse/Link/Effect)

2+ monsters, except Tokens

You can target 1 Link Monster in
either GY; this card gains ATK equal
to that target's ATK until the end of
this turn

You can Tribute any number of your
monsters this card points to;
destroy an equal number of cards
on the field

You can only use each effect of
"Rasterliger” once per turn.


Frame 1317: sor 2s «se ae

Rasteriger a

nae 2000
(Cyberse/Link/Effect)

2+ monsters, except Tokens

You can target 1 Link Monster in
either GY; this card gains ATK equal
to that target's ATK until the end of
this turn

You can Tribute any number of your
monsters this card points to;

destroy an equal number of cards Sa Dismantie _0.
on the field :
You can only use each effect of *s Cannot Gismanti

"Rasterliger” once per turn.


Frame 1318: i) 501

et: eC

Rasteriger a

nae 2000
(Cyberse/Lnk/etfect)

2+ monsters, except Tokens

You can target 1 Link Monster in
either GY; this card gains ATK equal
to that target's ATK until the end of
this turn

You can Tribute any number of your
monsters this card points to;
destroy an equal number of cards
on the field

You can only use each effect of
"Rasterliger” once per turn.

Cannot 0


Frame 1319: iy 501

pais ese a2

Rastevtiger a
248 2000
{(Cyberse/Link/EHeet]

2+ monsters, except Tokens

You can target 1 Link Monster in
either GY; this card gains ATK equal
to that target's ATK until the end of
this turn

You can Tribute any number of your
monsters this card points to

destroy an equal number of cards
on the field

You can only use each effect of
"Rasterliger” once per turn.

& jvao

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 1320: iy 501

pais se a2

Rasterliger @

248 pono
(Cyberse/Link/Effect)

2+ monsters, except Tokens

You can target 1 Link Monster in
either GY; this card gains ATK equal
to that target's ATK until the end of
this turn.

You can Tribute any number of your
monsters this card points to;
destroy an equal number of cards
on the field

You can only use each effect of
"Rasterliger" once per turn.


Frame 1321: Rasterliger

eae
{Cyberse/Link/Effect!
2+ monsters, except Tokens

You can target 1 Link Monster In
(or GY; this card gains ATK equal

®2000

that target's ATK until the end of
is turn,

You can Tribute any number of your

monsters this card points to;

destroy an equal number of cards

on the field

You can only use each effect of

"Rasterliger” once per turn.

Ca)

3 ioi0
Can Dismantle 0

Generate 30


Frame 1322: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1323: i) 501

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1324: Giant Beetrooper Invincible Atlas ae
“ae ©3000
Linsect/Link/Ettect]

2+ Insect monsters

While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent
cannot target this card with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.

You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except insect monsters
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon | "Bestroaper"
monster from your Deck.

Thin card nainn DON ATE sintil

#

Can Bismantie 1

CA)
(fe - )


Frame 1325: iy 501

ee: eC
Giant Beetrooper invincible Alas =
ea & ‘es000

UnsectLink/Eftect]
2+ Insect monsters

While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent
cannot target this card with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except Insect monsters.
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster fram your Deck.

MThin nord maine DOO ATE sndll

CR)
| (Alton t obtain
Law!
Oh B+

& ivoia
= Ci”.


Frame 1326: iy 501

2s ese 22
Giant Beetrooper Invincible Atlas oa
24 @

Unsect/Link/Effect]
2+ Insect monsters
While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent
cannot target this card with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except Insect monsters.
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster fram your Deck.

BWThin nord naine ONAN ATE sentil

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantie

12 General


Frame 1327: iy 591

2s ese 22
Giant Beetrooper Invincible Atlas a
24 @

Unsect/Link/Effect]
2+ Insect monsters
While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent
cannot target this card with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except Insect monsters.
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster fram your Deck.

While nord naine ONAN ATE entil

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-  Dismantie

1 General


Frame 1328: iy 591

nt: eC
Giant Beetrooper Invincible Atlas oa
24 @

Unsect/Link/Effect]
2+ Insect monsters
While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent
cannot target this card with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except Insect monsters.
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster fram your Deck.

Thin nord _naine ONAN ATE entil

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantie

1 General


Frame 1329: iy 591

2s ese i a2

Giant Beetrooper Invincible Allas o

eae ®s000
Unsect/Link/Effect]

2+ Insect monsters

While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent
cannot target this card with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except Insect monsters.
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster fram your Deck.

BWThin nord naine ONAN ATH enti!

tS  Disman'

1 General


Frame 1330: i) 501

en: eC

Giant Beetrooper Invincible Allas a

eae ®s000
Unsect/Link/Effect]

2+ Insect monsters

While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent
cannot target this card with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except Insect monsters.
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster fram your Deck.

BWThie nord naine ONAN ATH entil

A Dismani

12 Generat


Frame 1331: sor eis se ae

Giant Beetrooper Invincible Atlas a

eae $3000
UnsectiLink/etfect]
2+ Insect monsters

While this Link Summoned card has
3000 or less ATK, your opponent

cannot target this card with card 1

effects, also it cannot be destroyed (eo +)
by your opponent's card effects. & yoo

You cannot Special Summon aloe BO o-1
monsters, except Insect monsters. ae

You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;
@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster from your Deck,

The nord maine 2AAD ATH until

fr Diemantte {+10


Frame 1332: Giant Beetrooper Invincible Atlas a
bas 3000
Unsec/Unk/Effect]
2+ Insect monsters
While this Link Summoned card has

(000 oF less ATK, your opponent
annot target this card with card
tects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.

You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except Insect monsters
You can Tribute 1 Insect monster,
then activate 1 of these effects;

@Special Summon 1 "Beetrooper"
monster fram your Deck.
Tile roeel sine IANO ATH son


Frame 1333: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 1334: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1335: Decode Taller e

239 @zs00
[cyberse/Link/Effect!

2+ Effect Monsters

Galns 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
Trikute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and if you
do, destroy that card.

( A How to obtain


Frame 1336: iy 591

ze Gs th 22

Decode Talker a

“38 ®zs00
[cyberse/Link/Etfect!

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and it you
do, destroy that card.


Frame 1337: i) 501

et: eC

Decode Talker ey

“38 e300
{cyberse/Lnk/Etfect!

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card of effect that targets a card(s)
you contro! (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and if you
do, destroy that card.

‘te

Cannot


Frame 1338: iy 501

et: eC
Decode Talker @
“38 @zs00
{Cyberse/Lnk/Etfect]

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card of effect that targets a card(s)
you contro! (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and if you
do, destroy that card.

Cannot

img


Frame 1339: iy 501

2s ese 22
Decode Talker @
“38 @zs00
{Cyberse/Link/Etfect]

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card of effect that targets a card(s)
you contro! (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and if you
do, destroy that card.

Cannot

img


Frame 1340: iy 591

et: eC

Decode Talker ey

“328 @e2s00
{Cyberse/Link/Effect)

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card of effect thal targets a card(s)
you control (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and if you
do, destroy that card.

Cannot t


Frame 1341: iy 591

2s ese 22

Decode Talker a

e338 ®2300
[(Cyberse/Link/Etfect)

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card of effect that targets a card(s)
you contro! (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and if you
do, destroy that card


Frame 1342: iy 591

et: eC

Decode Talker @

e398 ®2300
(cyberse/Link/Ettect]

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
points to.

When your opponent activates a
card or effect that targets a card(s)
you contro! (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute 1 monster this card points
to; negate the activation, and if you
do, destroy that card

Cannot Dist


Frame 1343: [Cyberse/Link/Effect)

2+ Effect Monsters

Gains 500 ATK for each monster it
ints to.

‘@Vhen your opponent activates a

ard oF effect tiiat targets a card(s)

you contro! (Quick Effect); You can

Tribute 1 monster this card paints

to; negate the activation. and if you

do, destroy that card.

Decode Talker Ss
e318 2300

&

Can Dinmanile 0

iso/0

Cannot

Gsnerate

30


Frame 1344: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1345: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1346: (sor ais se ie

Traffic Ghost

6 ro
le ®1e00
(Cyberse/LinkI
3 monsters


Frame 1347: sor p2is | se

GR 22

Traffic Ghost
ese
[Cyberse/Linidl
3 monsters

<

BS

®1so0

& isso

Can dismantle 0 (EY -!

a


Frame 1348: sor eis se ae

‘Traffic Ghost a
e238 @1a00
{Cyberse/Linkl
3 monsters


Frame 1349: ser pets se ae

Traffic Ghost Be
e238 @1a00
{Cyberse/Linkl
3 monsters


Frame 1350: iy 501

et: CE
Traffic Ghost BS

238 @100

(Cyberse/Link dl How to obtain
3 monsters

& jsoi0

CanDismantle 0
Cannot £

rl

Tie

Be


Frame 1351: iy 501

2s Gas

Traffic Ghost
238
(Cyberse/Linkl
3 monsters

(a How 1 obtain
ConDiemante 0 (EY! )

Cannot Dismantie

1 Generate > -30
at Ge 3


Frame 1352: Traffic Ghost é@
ese 1800
[Cyberse/Link]

3 monsters

= an
Condiomanie 0 (ET -'
| Cannot Dismantic

(Generate ‘ -30


Frame 1353: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1354: iy 501

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1355: Black Luster Saldier ~ Soldier af Chaos gE
23 ®3000
(Warrlor/Unk/effect]

3 monsters with different names
Hf this card was Link Summoned
using a Level 7 of higher
monster(s) as material, your
‘opponent cannot target it with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can activate 1 of these effects;
@This card gains 1500 ATK.

@This card can make a second
attack durina the Battle Phase of

1
1

0/0 (7 )

Can Dismantle 0

aS Canno


Frame 1356: iy 501

28 ss th 22

Black Luster Soldier — Saldier of Chaos
e320 3000
(Warrlor/Link/etfect]

3 monsters with different names
If this card was Link Summoned
using a Level 7 or higher
manster(s) as material, your
opponent cannot target it with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can activate 1 of these effects;
@This card gains 1500 ATK

@This card can make a second
attack durina the Battle Phase of


Frame 1357: iy 501

2s ese 22
Black Luster Soldier - Soldier af Chaos aD
239 ®3000

(Warrlor/Link/éifect)

3 monsters with different names
IF this card was Link Summoned
using a Level 7 or higher
monster(s) as material, your
opponent cannot target it with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can activate 1 of these effects;
@this card gains 1500 ATK

@This card can make a second
attack during the Battle Phase of

=
eames (EC

Cannot Dis

Can Dismantle

mantle


Frame 1358: iy 501

et: eC
Black Luster Soldier - Soldier af Chaos 3 aD
239 ®3000

(Warrlor/Link/éifect)

3 monsters with different names
If this card was Link Summoned
using a Level 7 or higher
monster(s) as material, your
opponent cannot target it with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card eftects.
When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can activate 1 of these effects;
this card gains 1500 ATK

@This card can make a second
attack durin the Battle Phase of

I (Aono onan

C=”)
> =”)

Cannot Dis

Can Dismantle

mantle


Frame 1359: iy 501

et: eC
Black Luster Soldier - Soldier af Chaos 3 aD
239 ®3000

(Warrlor/Link/éfect)

3 monsters with different names
If this card was Link Summoned
using a Level 7 or higher
monster(s) as material, your
opponent cannot target it with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card ettects.
When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can activate 1 of these effects;
this card gains 1500 ATK

@This card can make a second
attack during the Battle Phase of

I (Avon onan

=

= _ ino

Can Dismantle

Cannot Disinanile


Frame 1360: sor pets se ae

Black Luster Soldier ~ Soldier of Chaos AE

239 23000
(Warrlor/Link/Eftect)

3 monsters with different names

If this card was Link Summoned
using a Level 7 or higher

monster(s) as material, your
opponent cannot target it with card

=
effects, also it cannot be destroyed ge _fya0
by your opponent's cara effects. Fa

When this card destroys an ee Sy
opponent's monster by battle: You
can activate 1 of these effects:
@This card gains 1500 ATK
@This card can make a second
attack during the Battle Phase of

Cannot Disinantle

‘it Guneral ® -30


Frame 1361: iy 501

2s ese a2
Black Luster Soldies ~ Soldier of Chaos 3 CA)
239 ®3000

(Warrlor/Link/Eftect)

3 monsters with different names

If this card was Link Summoned
using a Level 7 or higher
monster(s) as material, your
opponent cannot target it with card
effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects.
When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle: You
can activate 1 of these effects;
@this card gains 1500 ATK

@This card can make a second
attack during the Battle Phase of


Frame 1362: Black Luster Soldier ~ Soldier of Chaos dE
es 2 3000
[Warrlor/Link/Etfect]

3 monsters with different names
IF this card was Link Summoned

sing a Level 7 or higher
ose as material, your
pponent cannot target it with card

effects, also it cannot be destroyed
by your opponent's card effects,
When this card destroys an
opponent's monster by battle; You
can activate 1 of these effects;
@This card gains 1500 ATK.

@This card can make a seeand 1
attack durina the Battle Phase of

CA)


Frame 1363: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1364: iy 501

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 1365: Draco Masters af the Tenyi ®

230 ®2e00
[Wyrm/Link/Etfect]

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster,

If you control no other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Effect
Monsters you contro! and/or in your
GY.

You can only use this effect of
“Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once
per turn:

Ci
mi

(3)

i +10


Frame 1366: iy 501

et: CT

Draco Masters of the Tenyi @

238 ®2500
[Wyrm/Linivetfect]

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster,

If you control no other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Effect
Monsters you control and/or in your
cy,

You can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi” once
per turn.

— joo

Can Dismantle

/


Frame 1367: iy 501

en: SC
Draco Masters of the Tenyl @ —
“36 @2s00 _ A
[Wyrm/LiniZeffectl

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster.

IF you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Effect
Monsters you control and/or in your
Gy.

You can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once
per turn.

i
]
1

!
Sola ee |

& antle +10


Frame 1368: iy 501

et: eC
Draco Masters of the Tenyi @ —
“36 @2s00 C A
[Wyrm/Linideffectl

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster.

IF you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Effect
Monsters you control and/or in your
Gy.

You can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once
per turn.

i
]
1

somo eo )

& antle +10


Frame 1369: iy 501

2s ese fae
Draco Masters of the Tenyi @ —
“36 #200 C A
[Wyrm/LiniZeffectl

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster.

IF you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Effect
Monsters you control and/or in your
Gy.

You can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once
per turn.

i
Can Dismantie ee 1 |

& antle +10


Frame 1370: iy 501

en: eC

Draco Masters of the Tenyl @

e3@ ®2e00
[Wyrm/Linideffectl

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster.

IF you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,

up to the number of non-Effect

Monsters you control and/or in your
antle

at can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once co
per turn.

CanDismantie 1


Frame 1371: iy 501

pas ese 22

Draco Masters af the Tenyl @

e3@ ®2e00
[Wyrm/Linideffectl

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster.

IF you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,

up to the number of non-Effect

Monsters you control and/or in your
ante

at can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once co
per turn.

CanDismantie 1


Frame 1372: iy 501

et: SC
Draco Mastera of the Tenyl @
23 @ @2800
[Wyrm/Link/Effect!

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster.

If you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Effect
Monsters you control and/or in your
Gy.

You can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once
per turn.

& jsoo
Can Dismantla al ]

-% Dismantle ~— ff) +10

nerat > -30


Frame 1373: iy 501

et: eC

Draco Masters of the Tenyi @

e3@ @2500
[Wyrm/Link/Effect]

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

Cannot be destroyed by battle with
an Effect Monster.

If you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Etfect
Monsters you control and/or in your
Gy.

You can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi" once

per turn.

Can Dismantle
; — Dismantie

0


Frame 1374: Draco Masters of the Tenyi

e318 2500
[Wyrm/Ling/Eftect]

2+ monsters, including a Link
Monster

ninot be destroyed by battle with
f4in Effect Monster.
f you control ne other Effect
Monsters: You can destroy Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
up to the number of non-Effect
Monsters you control and/or in your
Gy

You can only use this effect of
"Draco Masters of the Tenyi” ance
per turn.


Frame 1375: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1376: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1377: Hieralic Seal af the Heavenly Spheres
“26

[Draqon/Unk/effect]

2 Dragon monsters

Once per oppenent's tum, if this
card |s |n the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return | face-up card on the field
to the hand

It this card/is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, anc make Its
ATK/DEF 0

You can only use this effect of
“Hleratic Seal of the Heavenly

eo

& taro

Can Bismantie 0

9


Frame 1378: iy 501

2s se gee

Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres C i)
2 @ 0 8 ee.
{Dragow/Linketteel (Avon sonnin

2 Dragon monsters

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return 1 face-up card on the field
to the hand.

If this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0.

You can only use this effect of
"Hieratlc Seal of the Heavenly

Wi Related Cards


Frame 1379: iy 501

et: CT

Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres ®
e260 eo
(Dragon/Link/Eftect)

2 Dragon monsters

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return 1 face-up card on the field
to the hand.

if this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0

You can only use this effect of
"Hieratlc Seal of the Heavenly

( 4


Frame 1380: iy 501

ee: eC

Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres ®
e260 eo
(Bragon/Link/étect)

2 Dragon monsters

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect), You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return | face-up card on the field
to the hand.

If this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0.

You can only use this effect of
"Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly

1

|C Rh)


Frame 1381: iy 501

2s se 22

Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres ®Q
e260 eo
(Dragon/Link/étect)

2 Dragon monsters

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect), You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return | face-up card on the field
to the hand.

If this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0.

You can only use this effect of
"Hleratic Seal of the Heavenly

1

|C Rm)


Frame 1382: iy 501

en: CR
Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres @ ] Cm )
e260 eo i
(Dragon/Linkletieet) I (i non oem
2 Dragon monsters |
=

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return 1 face-up card on the field
to the hand.

If this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0

You can only use this effect of
"Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly

laser!

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1383: iy 501

2s ese 22
Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres
e260 eo
{Dragon/Link/Effect)

2 Dragon monsters
Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return 1 face-up card on the field
to the hand.

If this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0

You can only use this effect of
“Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly

&

gy 71

ae Cannot Dismantle

J
& jvoo

ConDismantie 0


Frame 1384: iy 501

2s ese 22

Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres

#26 eo
(Dragon/Link/étfect)

2 Dragon monsters

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return 1 face-up card on the field
to the hand.

If this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0

You can only use this effect of
“Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly

. (CR)
=
| meen)

os Cannot Dismanti

4
& isoio
CanDismantie 0


Frame 1385: iy 501

2s ese 22

Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres
“26 eo
[Dragon/Link/Effect)

2 Dragon monsters

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card is in the Extra Monster Zone
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
monster from your hand or field;
return 1 face-up card on the field
to the hand.

If this card is Tributed: Special
Summon 1 Dragon monster from
your hand or Deck, and make its
ATK/DEF 0.

You can only use this effect of
“Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 1386: Hieratic Seal of the Heavanly Spheres

e26 eo

[Dragon/Link/Ettect]

2 Dragon monsters

Once per opponent's turn, if this
ard is in the Extra Monster Zone

qa Effect); You can Tribute 1
‘onster from your hand or field)

return 1 face-up card on the field

to the hand,

If this card |s Tributed: Special

Summon 1 Dragan monster from

your hand or Deck, and make its

ATK/DEF 0.

You can only use this effect of

“Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly

j/o/0

Cn Dinmanile 0

Generate

Ca)
(AA Hou 1 ontain
~
(Bo 31

Cannot D


Frame 1387: ser pais | se

GR 22

Frame 1388: iy 501

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1389: | Galaxy-Eyes Safle Dragon

Bz

[Dragon/Unk/effect]

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

I this card is Link Summaned: You
can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster in. your GY; add it to your
hand.

During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR ciscard 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summaned monster your opponent
controls; destroy it.

e200

Ca)
(=)

& toro

CanDismantle 0

Canne


Frame 1390: iy 501

2s se i 22

Galniy-Eyes Solflare Dragon &

e2 & 2000
(Dragon/Link/Effect!

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

If this card is Link Summones
can target 1 "Photon" or “Galaxy”
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR discard 1 "Galaxy—Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; destroy it.


Frame 1391: iy 501

2s ese 22

Galaxy_Eyes Solflare Dragon: ®

a2 © ®2000
{Dragon/Link/Effect)

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

If this card is Link Summoned; You
can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR discard 1 “Galaxy—Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
contrals; destroy it.


Frame 1392: iy 501

2s ese 22
Galaxy-Eyes Solflare Dragan ® ———

{Dragon/Link/Effect)

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

If this card is Link Summoned; You
can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR discard 1 “Galaxy—Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
contrals; destray it.

®2000 |

, Hw to Obtain
|

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 1393: iy 501

2s ese 22
Galaxy-Eyes Solflare Dragan ® ———

{Dragon/Link/Effect)

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

If this card is Link Summoned; You
can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR discard 1 “Galaxy—Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
contrals; destray it.

®2000 |

, Howto Obtain
|

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 1394: iy 501

et: eC

Galaxy_Eyes Solflare Dragon. ®

a2 © ®2000 |

(Dragon/Link/Effect)

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

If this card is Link Summoned; You
can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR discard 1 “Galaxy—Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
contrals; destray it.


Frame 1395: iy 501

2s se 22
Galaxy—Eyes Solflare Dragon ®
a2 ©

(Dragon/Link/Effect)

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

If this card is Link Summoned: You
can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster in your GY; add it to your
hand.

During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR discard 1 “Galaxy—Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
contrals; destray it.

®2000 |

& jyo1o
ae
Can Dismantle o EY u
| Cannot Dismantle
‘ta


Frame 1396: Galaxy-Eyes Salflare Dragon ®
“26 @2000
[Dragon/Link/Effect]

2 LIGHT monsters, including a
monster with 2000 or more ATK

< this card is Link Summoned: You

target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
jonstar in your GY; add it to your
hand.
During your opponent's Main Phase
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1
"Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card,
OR discard 1 “Galaxy—Eyes Photon
Dragon", then target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; destroy it.

=A)


Frame 1397: sor 2s | se

GR 22

Frame 1398: iy 501

oe

GR 22

Frame 1399: Paleozoic Cambroraster

wee

Taqua/Linwettectl

2 “Paleozaic" monsters
Unaffected by other monsters’
effects,

Yau can only use each of the
following effects of "Paleczaic
Cambroraster" once per turn
You can target 1 Set card |n the
Spell & frap Zone: send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Paleozaic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
he activated this turn

Ita Set card(s) you cantral would
be destroyed by card effect. vou


Frame 1400: ser 2s «se ae

Palmore Conlon SS lar.

ers ®1z00 _— i f
ne | i

TAqua/LinWEtfect! | | | ( Aitiow to obtain

2 "Paleozoic" monsters |
effects.

You can only use each of the = 1 Eg a
following effects of "Paleozoic F

Cambroraster" once per turn, & sao

You can target 1 Set card in the == ai
Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the a
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Paleozoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. |t can td
be activated this turn.

If a Set card(s) you control would Gener
be destroved by card effect. vou

antle «= +10


Frame 1401: iy 501

R218

@se he

Paleozoic Cambroraster
e2u

(Aqua/Link/Etiect]

2 "Paleozoic" monsters
Unatfected by other monsters*
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Paleozoic
Cambraraster" once per turn.
You can target 1 Set card in the
Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Palenzoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this turn.

fa Set card(s) you cantral would
be destroved by card effect. vou

( )
1
_ Cx)
Can Dismantle Bo ]

“i Dismantie +10


Frame 1402: iy 501

2s se 22
Pleacte Cane 7 ——
(Aqua/Link/Etfect] |

2 "Paleozoic" monsters
Unatfected by other monsters*
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Paleozoic
Cambraraster" once per turn.
You can target 1 Set card in the
Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Palenzoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this turn.

fa Set card(s) you cantral would
be destroved by card effect. vou

1
| Si
& ison
Can Dismantle Bo )

“i Dismantie +10


Frame 1403: iy 501

pais ese ae
Pleacie Cane ® ——
(Aqua/Link/Etfect] |

2 "Paleozoic" monsters
Unatfected by other monsters*
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Paleozoic
Cambraraster" once per turn.
You can target 1 Set card in the
Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Palenzoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this turn.

fa Set card(s) you cantral would
be destroved by card effect. vou

1
|
& iso1o
Can Dismantle Bo )

“i Dismantie +10


Frame 1404: iy 501

2s se 22
Please Canon s
e2e ®1200
Taqua/Link/etiect]

2 "Paleozoic" monsters
Unatfected by other monsters’
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Paleozoic
Cambraraster® once per turn.
You can target 1 Set card in the
Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Paleozoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this turn.

fa Set card(s) you cantrat would
be destroved by card effect. vou

& isoio

Can Dismantle

-%  Dismantie +10


Frame 1405: iy 501

et: Ce
Pocus Cee ®
e2e @1200
TAqua/Link/etfect]

2 "Paleozoic" monsters
Unaffected by other monsters’
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Paleozoic
Cambroraster" once per turn.
You can target 1 Set card in the
Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Paleozoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this turn.

If a Set card(s) you cantrat would
be destroved by card effect. vou

& isoio
(to -
Can Dismantie me


Frame 1406: iy 501

2s ese 22

Paleozoic Cambroraster ® =
e2e @1200 CR)
Cue |
2 "Paleozoic" monsters i

Unaffected by other monsters"
effects.

You can only use each of the ao,
following effects of "Paleozoic

Cambroraster" once per turn. & _ipn

You can target 1 Set card in the Can Diamante 1 ]

Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Paleozoic
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this turn.

IF a Set card(s) you cantrat would
be destroved by card effect. vou

==

12 Genera


Frame 1407: iy 501

2s ese 22

Paleozoic Cambroraster ® aD
e2e an |

TAqua/Link/etfect) | i

2 "Paleozoic" monsters
Unaffected by other monsters
effects.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Paleozoic
Cambroraster" once per turn.
You can target 1 Set card in the
Spell & Trap Zone; send it to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Paleozoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this turn.

IF a Set card(s) you contrat would
be destroved by card effect. vou

}
Related Cards

1
& isoio
(ez -
Can Dismantie me

-&  Dismantie +10
30

"Bt General i


Frame 1408: Paleozoic Cambroraster

B2e

(Aqua/Link/Eftect)

2 “Paleozoic” monsters
Unaffected by other monsters’

fects.
<&: can only use each of th

jollowing effects of "Paleozoic
Cambroraster" once per turn.
You can target 1 Set card in the
Spell & Trap Zone; send |t to the
GY, and if you do, Set 1 "Paleozoic"
Trap directly from your Deck. It can
be activated this tum.

Ifa Set card(s) you cantrol would
be destroved by card effect. vou

 )

Can

30

Gunsrate


Frame 1409: sor p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1410: sor 21s | se

GR 22

Frame 1411: Destroy all monsters your opponent

controls,

* 3i0/0

Can Dismantle 1

4Z Dismantic §=— dr +10

erate =f) ~30


Frame 1412: se: zis se ae
—

Norval Sit |

{Spell] a
Destroy all monsters your opponent
controls,

& 210/0

Con Diamante 1 (EY!

4S Dismantle §=— @ +10

1S! Generates «= -30
oT 24 bai


Frame 1413: iy 501

et: CE
Saige a) = aD

(See) as
Destroy all monsters your opponent
controls.

:
& 3/010
go:
ty Dismanti +10

CanDismantie 1

Generate = -30


Frame 1414: ser p2is «se 22

eel) |
Destroy all monsters your opponent

controls.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 1 | **

4 Dismanti +10

Generate  -30


Frame 1415: sor eis se | ae

ell |
Destroy all monsters your opponent

controls.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 1 | **

4 Dismanti +10

Generate  -30


Frame 1416: iy 501

2s ese 22

(See)
Destroy all monsters your opponent
controls.

aM How to obtain

ated Card:

4 _Dismant +10

a

& 2/0/0

Can Dismantle

Generate = -30


Frame 1417: iy 501

2s ese 22
a — «~

(eel)

Destroy all monsters your opponent
controls.

CanDismanile 1
i +10

Dismantic

ig %
i eral

-30


Frame 1418: |

Destroy all monsters your oppanent

& 2/00
candivmantle 1 (ES -1
[4 Diemantio GB +10

2 Generate ‘30


Frame 1419: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1420: sor p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1421: Nuvmral Spe

Geol

Target 1 monster in either GY;
Special Summon it.

car

. & +
x i/oio

Can Dismantle 0

noe Digi

1 Generate i -320


Frame 1422: ser eis se ae
Monster Reborn ME) Ga

Narviaal Sit

J | |
Target 1 monster in either GY;

Special Summon it.

1B Gey
a G


Frame 1423: sor eis se ae
——— es

Norrinal Sip

(See) as
Target 1 monster in either GY;

Special Summon it.

1
. BO +1
& jvoro
Candismantle 0 (ES!
“ Cannot Dismantie
i

#! Generale «= -30


Frame 1424: isor pats = GR 22

Monsier Reborn

Nr Sj

| fa
Target 1 monster in either GY;

Special Summon it.

& jn
contimmie 0(E2 1)

Cannot Dismantle

"Generate «= -30


Frame 1425: ser pats —= GR 22

Monster Rebom

Nerv Spa

| fae
Target 1 monster in either GY;

Special Summon it.

& ino
CanDiemantie 0 (@e - ) =

Cannot Dismantle

"Hl Generate «= -30


Frame 1426: iy 501

et: eC

Norrinal Sip

|

Target 1 monster in either GY;
Special Summon it.

1

& jvoro

CanDismantie 0

io

Boot

‘Cannot Dismantle

Generate

é® -30


Frame 1427: |

Nora! Spi

Gel)
Target 1 monster in either GY:
Special Summon It,

<

o

& ioio

Candimante 0 (EF 1 )
‘Cannot Dismantle

Ganarate


Frame 1428: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1429: sor 21s se

GR 22

Frame 1430: Nurural Spel
(Spell

Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field,


Frame 1431: 591

28 ess G22

veo Sam
Nuvi Siputt
{Spel)

Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field.


Frame 1432: iy 501

2s se 22

|
Nor tinal Spel

(Seeil
Destroy all Spel! and Trap Cards on
the field.

-%  Dismantie 40

"2! Generate  -30


Frame 1433: iy 501

ee: eC

|
Nor tinal Spell

(Spell
Destroy all Spel! and Trap Cards on
the field.

-%  Dismantie 10

"8! Generate  -30


Frame 1434: iy 501

et: eC Ed

|
Nor tinal Spell

(Spell
Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field.

-% — Dismantie 10

"8! Generate  -30


Frame 1435: iy 501

2s se 22

vam]
(Speirs

Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field.

wo

1

& jroo

CanDismantie 1

4 Dismantie +10
30

Gunerale

Carel
By +t


Frame 1436: iy 501

2s ese a2

Nori! Spelt
(Spel

Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field.

=
z=”

-®  Dismantie 10

"B! Generate  -30


Frame 1437: iy 501

et: CR

Norval Spit
|

Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field.

& jroi0

EY -
CanDismantie 1 (EY!

4} Dismantie

il Generate


Frame 1438: iy 501

et: CT

vee
Noriisa! Spelt
(spel

Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field.

y

CA)

“ +1
& jso10

=p CD
Dismantle i +10

‘i Generate §=—  -30


Frame 1439: a |

Norris! Eis
[Spell]

Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on
the field.

<


Frame 1440: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1441: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 1442: [boreonest oe Cn)

Nurmal Spt

Sel
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior

monster from your Deck to your
hand,

i = toro

Can Dismantle 0

{> Cannot Disman

Generale (Gy -30


Frame 1443: se: eis se ae

Nortel Spt
(soll

Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior

monster from your Deck to your 7
hand.

8 Generate


Frame 1444: iy 501

ee: eC

intone teow
Nur iinal Spelt

(spal]
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior

monster from your Deck to your
hand.

1
& jsoio
CanDismantie 0

a
t

Cm)

a ,
( gs
Cannot Dismantie

Generale ® -30


Frame 1445: iy 501

et: SC

Favicon tee) a=»

Novia! Sp

|
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior

monster from your Deck to your
ind.

hha «

a ;
1
& jsoio

CanDismantie 0

BS Cannot Dismantie

"Hl Generate = -30


Frame 1446: iy 501

2s se 22

Norval Spe

|
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior
monster from your Deck to your
hand.

CanDismantie 0

Na
t

CA)

1

& iio

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 1447: iy 501

2s ese a2

Norval Spe

a _

Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior
monster from your Deck to your
hand. |

& jsoio

CanDismantle 0

mG
Generale

C RD
a

°S Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1448: iy 501

et: eC

Nori Spe

al

Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior
monster from your Deck to your
hand. |

& jsoio

CanDismantle 0

C RD
a

“ Cannot Dismantie

mg
Generale


Frame 1449: iy 501

2s se a2

Reinforcement of the
Nu

ne) «
| Spl

Seal]
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior

monster from your Deck to your
hand.

How to Obtain


Frame 1450: orn Spr

(eel
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior
monster fram your Deck ta your

<-

Can Dismantle

Cannot Dismantis

Generate -30


Frame 1451: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1452: iy 501

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1453: Nucmal Spet

Sel
Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players. If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.

a o/ito
Can Dismantie _O


Frame 1454: se: eis se ae
Yorlo Fiendship ala)

Nur vnal Saat

(Se

Offer your opponent 2 handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players. If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.

Cannot Dismantic


Frame 1455: iy 501

2s ese 22

Nerina! Si

|

Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players. If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.

—ja-»
=

& oviso
= Ce

ES Cannot Dismantic

‘Generate = -30
7” “


Frame 1456: iy 501

et: eC
Seal)

Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players. If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.

& oviso
= Ca

B Cannot Dismantie

‘2 Generate ® -30
iim “ i


Frame 1457: iy 501

et: SC

Nerina! Sei

Seal)

Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players. If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.

Ca)
=

& oviso
= Ca

Bs Cannot Dismantic

‘Generate ® -30
ima “


Frame 1458: iy 501

zis se 22
Sal |

Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players, If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.


Frame 1459: iy 501

2s ese 22
TT | |

Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players, If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.


Frame 1460: iy 501

2s ese 22
= 3 =
Norval Spit

J |

Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each
player's Life Points become half the
combined Life Points of both
players, If you have "Unity" in your
hand and show it to your opponent,
they must accept the handshake.

(dA tow obtain to Obtain

& vio
CanDismantle 0


Frame 1461: Norn! Sp

(eel
Offer your opponent a handshake. If
they accept your handshake, each a
<q Life Points become half the

combined Life Points of beth
jand and show it to your opponent, ge nite
they must accept the handshake. —— a
— C=

{* Cannot Disman

Ganerate


Frame 1462: ser 21s | se

GR 22

Frame 1463: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1464: Nurral Spe
ISpell]

Discard 1 Level € monster; draw 2
cards.

CA)


Frame 1465: se: eis se ae
—————

Nurvial Spelt
{soe

Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards.

<

ot Cannot Dismantle

Ganeraie fis


Frame 1466: iy 501

ee: CT

(Spe)

Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards.

& jso1o

CanDismantl= 0

o
=

Bs Cannot Dismantie

® -30


Frame 1467: iy 501

eet: eC

Trade-in)
Narre! et
|

Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards.

& jsoio

CanDismanti= 0

"8 Generate

o
(=)

*y Cannot Dismantle

® -30


Frame 1468: iy 501

et: SC

(Spells

Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards.

& jroo

CanDismanti= 0

al Gonerate

o i
a

& Cannot Dismantie

® -30


Frame 1469: iy 501

et: CT

(seal
Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards,

& jroo

CanDismanti= 0

"8 Generale

How to Obtain

c=»

Es Cannot Dismantie

f -30


Frame 1470: iy 501

pais ese a2

|

Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards.

& jso1o

CanDismanti= 0

al Gunerate

o i
=

& Cannot Dismantie

® -30


Frame 1471: iy 501

en: eC

Norval Sipe

(seal

Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate

How to Obtain

® -30


Frame 1472: Norval Spit
{Spall

Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2
cards.

<

iio

(e_-_)

not Dismantie


Frame 1473: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1474: ser pais | se

GR 22

Frame 1475: The Melody of Awak:

(el

Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 or more ATK
and 2500 or less DEF from your
Deck fo your hand.


Frame 1476: se: eis se ae
“The Melody of Awakening Dragon

Nursnal Sip

|
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 or more ATK

and 2500 or less DEF from your

Deck to your hand, 1 os

1 Generate ® -30
a G r ® -30


Frame 1477: iy 501

et: EC

Tati Daoh)
(Spall
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 or more ATK

and 2500 or less DEF from your
Deck to your hand.


Frame 1478: iy 501

et: eC

Tata Daoh
(Spell
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 or more ATK

and 2500 or less DEF from your
Deck to your hand.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate  -30


Frame 1479: iy 501

pais se 22

The Melody of Awakeni
N

5! Spl

(el)
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 or more ATK

and 2500 or less DEF from your
Deck to your hand.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate

How to Obtain

-30


Frame 1480: iy 501

et: CE

The Melody of Awakeni
N

Spl

(see)
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 or more ATK

and 2500 or less DEF from your
Deck to your hand.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate

How to Obtain

-30


Frame 1481: iy 501

2s ese 22

Tanna)
(Spells
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 or more ATK

and 2500 or less DEF from your
Deck to your hand.

How to Obtain


Frame 1482: The Melody of Awakening Dragon
Nord Bp
|
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon
monsters with 3000 o; more ATK

nd 2500 or less DEF from your
< to your hand

&


Frame 1483: ser p2is | se

22

Frame 1484: Slash Daw Z

‘or usa Bp /

i)» {Spell i —) (Bie onnin nin |
Discard } card; sand cards from the
tow of your Deck ta the GY, equal
to tre number of ae your F +
opperent controls, then diaw oo
card and show |t Then, if it was = » )

fash Draw’, send it to the GY
id |f you do, destroy as many
cards or the |

3 oe ee
lcld.as possible, then Ban Dismaniia 2 (be asx)
inflict 2000 damage to your j ' ad

opponent far each card destroyed | )
and gent to the GY by ihis @iisel nem eee mane +10

the car you drew was not ‘Slash
Draw", shuffle-cards fram your GY
into vour Deck, eaual to the qumber


Frame 1485: Nuvmal Spel

Gel
Discard 1 card; send cards from the
top of your Deck to the GY, equal
to the number of cards your
opponent controls, then draw 1
card and show it, Then. if it was
"Slash Draw", send it to the GY
and if you de, destroy as many
cards on the field as possible, then
inflict 2000 damage to your
‘opponent for each card destroyed
and sent to the GY by this effect, If
the card you drew was nat "Slash
Draw", shuffle cards fram your GY
into vour Deck. equal to the number

3 3/010

Can Dismantie 2

3 Dismantic

aD
(iron to ootan


Frame 1486: 591

28 ess th 22
—————
(Seal

Discard 1 card; send cards from the
top of your Deck to the GY, equal
to the number of cards your
opponent controls, then draw 1
card and show it. Then, if it was
"Slash Draw”, send it to the GY,
and if you do, destroy as many
cards on the field as possible, then
inflict 2000 damage to your
opponent for each card destroyed
and sent to the GY by this effect. If
the card you drew was not "Slash

| Draw", shuffle cards from your GY
Into vour Deck. equal to the number

| _f Bo +

& 3/0/0

CanDismantle 2

Generale 4) ~30


Frame 1487: ser pets se ae

Sa 3]

Norval Sipe

(Seen) as
Discard 1 card; send cards from the
top of your Deck to the GY, equal
to the number of cards your
opponent controls, then draw 1

card and show it, Then, if it was
"Slash Draw", send it to the GY,
and if you do, destroy as many
cards on the fieid as possible, then
inflict 2000 damage to your
opponent for each card destroyed
and sent to the GY by this effect. If
the card you drew was not "Slash
Draw’, shuffle cards from your GY
into vour Deck. eaual to the number

How to Obtain

3
& 30/0

CanDismantie 2


Frame 1488: iy 501

2s ese 22

|
Discard 1 card; send cards from the
top of your Deck to the GY, equal
to the number of cards your
opponent controls, then draw 1

card and show it, Then, if it was
"Slash Draw", send it to the GY,
and if you do, destroy as many
cards on the fieid as possible, then
inflict 2000 damage to your
opponent for each card destroyed
and sent to the GY by this effect. If
the card you drew was not "Slash
Draw’, shuffle cards from your GY
into vour Deck. eaual to the number

How to Obtain

3
& 30/0

CanDismantie 2


Frame 1489: iy 501

ee: SC

Sa ol

Norval Siu

|
Discard 1 card; send cards from the
top of your Deck to the GY, equal
to the number of cards your
opponent controls, then draw 1

card and show it, Then, if it was
"Slash Draw", send it to the GY,
and if you do, destroy as many
cards on the fieid as possible, then
inflict 2000 damage to your
opponent for each card destroyed
and sent to the GY by this effect. If
the card you drew was not "Slash
Draw’, shuffle cards from your GY
into vour Deck. eaual to the number

How to Obtain

3
& 30/0

CanDismantie 2


Frame 1490: iy 501

et: eC

Norval Spit
(Soot) as
Discard 1 card; send cards from the
top of your Deck to the GY, equal

to the number of cards your
opponent controls, then draw 1

card and show it, Then, if it was
"Slash Draw", send it to the GY,

and if you do, destroy as many

cards on the fieid as possible, then
inflict 2000 damage to your

opponent for each card destroyed re
and sent to the GY by this effect. If is
the card you drew was not "Slash

Draw", shuffle cards from your GY ii

into vour Deck. eaual to the number

How to Obtain
a


Frame 1491: om as Cn)

Norns! Sai

[Spolll ___
Discard | card; send cards from the

top of your Deck to the GY, equal Ss
to the number of cards your

pponent controls, then draw 1

rd and show it, Then, if jt was

‘Slash Draw", send it to the GY, & 3
and if you do, destroy as many #=
cards on the field as pessible, then
inflict 2000 damage to your
opponent for each card destrayed
and sent ta the GY by this effect, |f
the card you drew was not “Slash
Draw", shuffle cards fram your GY PF Gansrate i -39
(ote vour Deck. eoual to the number =

jactie: ®


Frame 1492: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 1493: iy 501

oe

GR 22

Frame 1494: ll

Narmral Spel
{Spell

If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the hight
ATK on the field (even if it's tied
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
‘of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card. For the rest of this
turn alter this card resolves, you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate | “Draw of

lo

& iioro

Can Dismantie 0

Ll
wo

not Didmantis


Frame 1495: 591

28 ess G22

Draw of Fate

Norval Sit

(oa
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied)
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card. For the rest of this
turn after this card resalves, you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you
can only activate ane more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 “Draw of

Eel gyre!

a

x isoi0

os Cannot Dismantie

"Generate -
2 Genera


Frame 1496: iy 501

2s se 22

Draw of Fate __e)

Nurrinal Se

|
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random arder, then
draw 1 card. For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves, you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.
You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Sok ieiene tated

& jvo1o


Frame 1497: iy 501

2s ese 22

Draw of Fate __e)

Nurrinal Sie

|
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random arder, then
draw 1 card. For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves, you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.
You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Soke ieline tote

& jvo1o


Frame 1498: iy 501

2s ese 22

Draw of Fate __ ne)

Nurrinal Sie

|
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random arder, then
draw 1 card. For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves, you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.
You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Sob ieline tite

& jvoio


Frame 1499: iy 501

2s se 22

Draw of Fate ne)

Nurvinal Si

|
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random arder, then
draw 1 card. For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves, you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.
You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Soke ieline totes

& isoio


Frame 1500: i) set

@rae se Ge

[Spell] =a
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Extn npr tien

|
fT

1

Cannot Dismantle

1
& jroo
Can Dismantin 0

Generate 30


Frame 1501: i sat

rae se Ge
Draw of Fate 3]
Nur Spelt a-

(Spelll |
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Entiat pone tien

|:

& ino
CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dismantle

"Bt Generate -30


Frame 1502: a) 591

rae se Ge
Draw of Fate 3]
Norval Spelt

[Spell] mn |
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Batt cue tiers

|

c=”

jroo
CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dismantie

"Bt Generate


Frame 1503: 1

ae dese ) 22

Nori! Spe

Spel]
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spelis/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Bata" cue Here

~_ <2
j=

& 1/0/0 (ee - )

CanDismantie 0
Cannot Dismantie

Generate 1)


Frame 1504: a) 591

fC :  E

Draw of Fate  &

If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Batt cue Here

IL 1
& jroo

CanDismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie

ry

 -30


Frame 1505: i) 591

Ce: Ce IE

Draw of Fate ee

If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Bata cue Here

IL 1
& jroo

CanDismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie

ry

 -30


Frame 1506: a) sat

Ce :  E

Draw of Fate  &

Nori! Spe

(Spell as
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Batt cue Here

Cannot Dismantie

"Bt Generate F) ~30


Frame 1507: ay 591

ee: SC IE

Draw of Fate  &

Nori! Spe

(Spell |
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Batt cue Here

Cannot Dismantie

"Bt Generate F) ~30


Frame 1508: a) 591

es: IE

Draw of Fate  &

Nori! Spe

(Spell as
If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):
Reveal 3 cards with different names
from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves. you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you
can only activate one more card or
effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Batt cue Here

Cannot Dismantie

"Bt Generate F) ~30


Frame 1509: (jst eis | se ——

Draw of Fate

Nori! Spe

Soe] __ =

If your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
ATK on the field (even if it's tied):

Reveal 3 cards with different names

from your Deck, place them on top
of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this CanDismantie 0 (ES
turn after this card resolves. you

cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you ss
can only activate one more card or

effect.

You can only activate 1 "Draw of "Fl Generate PY ~30

Batt cue Here


Frame 1510: Draw of Fate

Norns! Sp

i |
IF your LP are lower than your
opponent's and your opponent
controls a monster with the highest
TK on the field (even if it's tied):
eal 3 cards with different names

tom your Deck, place them on top
‘of your Deck in random order, then
draw 1 card, For the rest of this
turn after this card resolves, you
cannot Set Spells/Traps, also. you
can only activate one more card or
effect.
You can only activate 1 "Draw of

Ener atta


Frame 1511: (jeer ete «| se

GR 22

Frame 1512: (jst eis «| se

GR 22

Frame 1513: rota E

Nuvinal Sut

(Spell EEE
If you control a "Fortune Lady”
monster: Special Summon 1
“Fortune Lady" monster from your
Deck wilh a different name from the
cards you control, also for the rest
of this turn aller this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summen
monsters from the Extra Deck,
excent Synchro Monsters.

You can only activate 1 "Fortune
Lady Calling” per turn

i taro taro

=

Qenzrale i +30


Frame 1514: GD 591

ae Bs Ghee

Fortune Lay Gating

Nurvval Sipe

Gall
If you control a "Fortune Lady"
monster: Special Summon 1

"Fortune Lady" monster from your
Deck with a difierent name from the
cards you control, also for the rest

of this turn after this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summon
monsters from the Extra Deck,

| except Synchro Monsters.

You can only activate 1 “Fortune
Lady Calling" per turn,


Frame 1515: Nora! Spi

(Spelll |
IF you control a "Fortune Lady"
monster: Special Summon 1
"Fortune Lady” monster from your
Deck with a different name from the
cards you control, also for the rest
of this lum after this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summon
monsters from the Extra Deck,
except Synchro Monsters.

You can only activate 1 “Fortune
Lady Calling” per turn.


Frame 1516: Nora! Spi

|
IF you control a "Fortune Lady"
monster: Special Summon 1
"Fortune Lady" monster from your
Deck with a different name from the
cards you control, also for the rest
of this tum after this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summon
monsters from the Extra Deck,
except Synchro Monsters.

You can only activate 1 “Fortune
Lady Calling” per turn.


Frame 1517: a) 591

as se Ghee

Fonte

Nora! Spi

(spel) as
IF you control a "Fortune Lady"
monster: Special Summon 1
"Fortune Lady" monster from your
Deck with a different name from the
cards you control, also for the rest
of this tum after this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summon
monsters from the Extra Deck,
except Synchro Monsters.

You can only activate 1 “Fortune
Lady Calling” per turn.


Frame 1518: 1 eae Ese | hee
ve

Norval Sipe

|
If you control a "Fortune Lady"
monster: Special Summon 1

"Fortune Lady" monster from your
Deck with a different name from the
< cards you control, also for the rest

of this tum after this card resolves, Said
you cannot Special Summon aon

monsters from the Extra Deck, Can Dismantle
except Synchro Monsters.
You can only activate 1 "Fortune &

Lady Calling" per tum.


Frame 1519: 1

ce ee

Fone taiycats

Norval Sipe

|
IF you control a "Fortune Lady”
monster: Special Summon 1
"Fortune Lady" monster from your
Deck with a different name from the
cards you control, also for the rest
of this tum after this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summon
monsters from the Extra Deck,
except Synchro Monsters.

You can only activate 1 “Fortune
Lady Calling" per turn.

1

& jroo

Can Dismantle

&

Dismantle

Generate

a |


Frame 1520: 1

Gu Qe Pa
So acm)

|
IF you control a "Fortune Lady”
monster: Special Summon 1
"Fortune Lady" monster from your
Deck with a different name from the
cards you control, also for the rest
of this tum after this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summon
monsters from the Extra Deck,
except Synchro Monsters.

You can only activate 1 “Fortune
Lady Calling" per tum.

1
& jroo
Can Dismantle 3 )
& ante +10
ce -30

a
t

Generate


Frame 1521: Norris! Spi

|
If you control a “Fortune Lady"
monster; Special Summon 1
“Fortune Lady" monster from your
jeck with a different name from the
yards you control, also for the rest
‘of this tum after this card resolves,
you cannot Special Summon
monsters fram the Extra Deck,
except Synchro Mansters.
You can only activate 1 “Fortune
Lady Calling” per turn.

i & soo (ee 7)

Gunsrate

Can Dismanile 1


Frame 1522: (jeer ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1523: ‘ue av)

(Spall ve
Reval 1 Bunion Menster |n-yein!”
Extra Deck arid Specla) Summpon,
- leomyourhane pr Oeck. 1 of the
<q Fusion Materiais-whose name 15.
< mentioned omthat monster, also
you Cannot Special Summortiem:
the Exira Dack, except Fusion
Monsters, {he-tum you activate this*
card
You can only'activeta"1 "Fusion
Deployment” per turn, —


Frame 1524: a |

Nurmal Bie
nn

[Spell

Reveal | Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card

You can only activate 1 “Fusion
Deployment” per turn.

(A ow to obtain

& Sya10
ConGlamantie 2 (EY -1 )

‘ye Dismantie = +10

Generate


Frame 1525: GD 591

@ae Bs G22

a

Nuvrial Sit

(Sees
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand of Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment” per turn.

|
=: B+
3/0/0
=

CanDismantie 2

antle = @ +10

1B Generate
:

-30


Frame 1526: ce) 591

as Bs Ghee

Nurvinal Spi

(Seo)
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned cn that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card,

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn:

& 3/010

=

How to Obtain

Hine

Related Cards

3

a
Can Dinmantin 2 (ES

cd

a
t

Dismantle i +10

Generate ® -30


Frame 1527: e591

as Bs Ghee

Nurvinal Spi

(Spo)
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned cn that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card,

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn:

=

How to Obtain

sme

Related Cards

3

& 3/010

CanDismantle 2

cd

a
t

a

3

Dismantle i +10

Generate  -30


Frame 1528: a) 591

as Bs Ghee

Nurvinal Spi

(Spo)
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned cn that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn:

=

How to Obtain

me

Related Cards

3

& 3/010

CanDismantle 2

cd

a
t

a

3

Dismantle i +10

Generate ® -30


Frame 1529: ay 591

as Bs Ghee

Nurvinal Spi

(Sool
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned cn that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card,

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn:

GM Related Cards
& 30

Dismantle i +10

ca

LH

Generat


Frame 1530: iy sat

as Bs Ghee

Nurvinal Sipe

(Seo
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned cn that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn:

WM Related Cards
“¥
th +10

® -30

mm |

3
& 3y0/0
CanDismantie 2

&

ry
t

Dismantie

Generate


Frame 1531: as Bs Ghee

Norval Sipe

|
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn:

3
:
& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle ‘3 sit )

-%  Dismantie +10
® -30

ry
t

Hh

Generate


Frame 1532: ae Bs Ghee
Fusion Deployment = =

Norval Sipe

Sel] _
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon, (Cretatea cares)
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the Aenienes eect
Fusion Materials whose name is

al |

—i

3
< mentioned on that monster, also 5
you cannot Special Summon from a oat
the Extra Deck, except Fusion (ee 1 )
Monsters, the turn you activate this  CanDismantle _2

card.
You can only activate 1 "Fusion 8; Dismantie +10
Deployment" per turn.

> -30

‘BI Generate
#! General


Frame 1533: ase Bs Ghee
Fusion Deployment = =

Norninal Sipe

Soe] _
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon, (Cretatea cares)
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the Aenienes Sect
Fusion Materials whose name is

al |

—f

3
< mentioned on that monster, also 5
you cannot Special Summon from a Das
the Extra Deck, except Fusion (ee 1 )
Monsters, the turn you activate this  CanDismantle _2

card.
You can only activate 1 "Fusion 8; Dismantle +10
Deployment" per turn.

> -30

‘BI Generate
#! General


Frame 1534: as Bs thee

Norninal Sipe

(see)
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 30
CanDismantie 2 eo -1 )

-&  Dismantle +10

‘BI Generate 2
#! General f

30


Frame 1535: ae Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

|

Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 at )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1536: as Bs thee

Norninal Sipe

|
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-%  Dismantle +10


Frame 1537: ase Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(Sel
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
CanDismantie 2 =i )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1538: as Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(Sel
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1539: ae Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(Sel
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
CanDismantie 2 =i )

-%  Dismantle +10


Frame 1540: as Bs G22

Norninal Sipe

|
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1541: as Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

|
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-%  Dismantle +10


Frame 1542: as Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(Sel
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1543: ae Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(See
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1544: as Bs G22

Norninal Sipe

|
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1545: as Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(see
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1546: as Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(Sel
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1547: ae Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

|
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1548: as Bs G22

Norninal Sipe

(Sel
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 “al )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1549: ase Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(Sel
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

& 3/0/0
Can Dismantle 2 at )

-&  Dismantle +10


Frame 1550: ae Bs Ghee

Norninal Sipe

(Seen)

Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
Fusion Materials whose name is
mentioned on that monster, also
you cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.

You can only activate 1 "Fusion
Deployment" per turn.

Can Dismantle 2

Dismantle

Generate


Frame 1551: Fusion Deployment,
Neral Bp
Goll
Reveal 1 Fusian Monster in your
Extra Deck and Special Summon,
from your hand or Deck, 1 of the
usion Materials whose name is
entioned on that monster, also.
ou cannot Special Summon from
the Extra Deck, except Fusion
Monsters, the turn you activate this
card.
You can only activate 1 *Fusion
Deployment” per turn.

& Svo/o

Coniemeniias 2 (EZ 1)
4S dismantle §=@® +10
i <P) -30

Gunerate


Frame 1552: set ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1553: Normal Simi

{Speilh ra —— it
Fusion Summon & “Fossil” Fusion
Monster from yourBxlra Deck, by
banishing: Fusion Materials
mentionad on it from any G¥e
(except for materials with a specific
GY fequirement fisted). If you
banished monsters jrem bat) GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects

Wa face-up "Fossii" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destrayed.


Frame 1554: Fossil Fusion a &

Nuria! Spel

Seal
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from beth GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.
ita face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by hattie or card effect, while this

en enl Je Wes verti Tee tec es eed

Ca)
(da Howto onian


Frame 1555: Gi 591

@2e Bs G22

Fossil Fusion te

Norval Sit

{tspalll |
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can tarcet that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects

Ifa face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

eared Ne lor Sietted Waa eet Seat NETS

a. a)

/


Frame 1556: 1

as ——_—* G22

Fossil Fusion

Norval Spit
(seal)

Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

sessed Br See greta (vp en eessesoeeet ed Wited

(Chreiatea cue) Cards

_- C=

Can Dismantie

=


Frame 1557: 1

as ——- G22

Fossil Fusion

Norra! Sipe
{Spell |

Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

peey aera eee eae

Ga) Cards

C=

Can Dismantie


Frame 1558: 1

as —— G22

Fossil Fusion

Norra! Sipe
{Spell lms

Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

rasa Be Soe greta fv en ness esoeset d WiTed

(Chresates cue) Cards

 - C=

Can Dismantie


Frame 1559: 1

as —— G22

Fossil Fusion

Norval Spelt
(soa)

Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

srssrad Be See greta fv en eesseseeeet ed Wited

(Careited cue) Cards

 - C=

Can Dismantie


Frame 1560: 1

ase Bs Ghee

Fossil Fusion Le}

Norval Spelt
|

Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

sessed Be See gretete fv en ness esoeeet A Mites

1
& joo

Can Dismantle

CA)


Frame 1561: 1

ae Bs Ghee
FossilFusion a —

(Spalll —
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

pee ae hiro teen ia

1
& jsoio

Can Dismantle


Frame 1562: 1

2s ——.- G22

Fossil Fusion

Norval Sipe
[Spell] os

Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

asad Be See sietste fan ennesseseeeet aitted

(Chreiatea cue) Cards

| Cz

Can Dismantle


Frame 1563: a) 591

By 2s —— ez

Fossil Fusion

Norra! Spe

Goal]
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

Ifa face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed

by battle or card effect, while this
paired Ue tes sieeve Svar erodes aitted

(Caroites cue) Cards


Frame 1564: a) 591

ae Bs G22
FossilFusion CA)

Goal]
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

Ifa face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed

by battle or card effect, while this

seid tho ns seaiieeesUa vr eereeeessaites

& jroo

Can Dismantle i
“&  Disman +10
"8 Gonerate -30


Frame 1565: 1

2s se 22
FossilFusion Ee

{Spell] ms
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed

by battle or card effect, while this

seid Ube es seieesvn vr eevemessaites

& jroo
E

Can Dismantie
“&  Disman
"BI Generate


Frame 1566: 1

2s se > 22
Norsnal Spelt

{Spell] as
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials

mentioned on it from any GYs

(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that

Special Summoned monster with

& jroo

Can Dismantle

monster pica i . & Dismant #10
If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed

by battle or card effect, while this

seid tie es aieesva vray eereen sates

Generate


Frame 1567: 1

2s se > 22
Norsnal Spelt

{Spell] os
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials

mentioned on it from any GYs

(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that

Special Summoned monster with

& jroo

Can Dismantle

monster pica ny : & Dismant #10
If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed

by battle or card effect, while this

geil tbe es aie val ura eereen sates

Generate


Frame 1568: 1

as se > 22
Norsnal Spelt

Goal
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials

mentioned on it from any GYs

(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that

Special Summoned monster with

& jroo

Can Dismantle

monster pica - . & Dismant #10
If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed

by battle or card effect, while this

seid Ube es seieeesva ura eereneiiates

Generate


Frame 1569: 1

2s se p22

Fossil Fusion zi a)

Norval Set

pall
Fusion Summon 1 "Fossil" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials
mentioned on it from any GYs
(except for materials with a specific
GY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters from both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion
Monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or card effect, while this

grid Ube es aieegsUa vr eeren sates

& jo , C=”
CanDismantie 1

Se  Dismantie

1! Generate
General

Cm)
=

(Cretatea cara) Cards


Frame 1570: Nori! Spe

Gels
Fusion Summon 1 “Fossil” Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck, by
banishing Fusion Materials

entioned on it from any GYs

lexcent for materials with a specific

iY requirement listed). If you
banished monsters trom both GYs,
neither player can target that
Special Summoned monster with
monster effects.

{ Dismantie +10
If a face-up "Fossil" Fusion a,
Monster(s) you contro! is destroyed ==
by battle or card effect, while this Go Generate

cone x Wes sri ee esis easly


Frame 1571: ser eis | ase

GR 22

Frame 1572: set eis «se

GR 22

Frame 1573: Normal Spe

Geel MA How to obtain
Reveal 1 card in your hand, and if
you do, add 1 of the following cards
from your Deck to your hand, then
q shuffle the revealed card into the

Cards

Deck. Bo +
@°2W -" monster a Horo

@"ZS —" monster Seo
@"Zexal" Spell/trap ——_
@°Rank—Up-Magic” Spell
@"Rank—Down-Magic” Spell

You can only activate 1 "Zexal 1
Construction” per turn.

Tt

Cannot Didmantis


Frame 1574: 591

re Bes he

vet cosnetion

Norval Spt

Sees
Reveal 1 card in your hand, and if
you do, add 1 of the following cards
from your Deck to your hand, then
shuffle the revealed card into the
Deck.

@°ZW -" monster

@°ZS -" monster

©" Zexal" Spell/Trap

@"Rank—Up—Magic" Spell im

@"Rank—Down—Magic" Spell

You can only activate 1 "Zexal ry
i

Construction” per turn.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate ® -30


Frame 1575: |

Reveal 1 card in your hand, and if
you do, add 1 of the following cards
from your Deck to your hand, then
shuffle the revealed card into the
Deck,

ZW -" monster

"ZS -" monster

Zexal" Spell/Trap
@"Rank—Up—Magic" Spell
@"Rank—Down-Magic" Spell

You can only activate 1 "Zexal
Construction" per turn.

1
& jvoio

Can Dismantie 0

oe Cannot

"Generate

1


Frame 1576: a) 5e1

as ss Gee
Zeval Construction
|

Reveal 1 card in your hand, and if
you do, add 1 of the following cards
from your Deck to your hand, then
shuffle the revealed card into the
Deck,

ZW -" monster

@"ZS -" monster

Zexal" Spell/Trap
@"Rank—Up—Magic" Spell
@"Rank—Down-Magic" Spell

You can only activate 1 "Zexal
Construction" per turn.

A
1

& jvoio

Can Dismantie

ae Cannot

"Generate


Frame 1577: a) 591

ras ss Gee

ea Canc

i |
Reveal 1 card in your hand, and if
you do, add 1 of the following cards
from your Deck to your hand, then
shuffle the revealed card into the
Deck,

ZW -" monster

"ZS -" monster

Zexal" Spell/Trap
@"Rank—Up—Magic" Spell
@"Rank—Down-Magic" Spell

You can only activate 1 "Zexal
Construction" per turn.

‘a
t

CA)
"| mS

Generate


Frame 1578: a) 591

as ss Gee

2naiconcion

i |
Reveal 1 card in your hand, and if
you do, add 1 of the following cards
from your Deck to your hand, then
shuffle the revealed card into the
Deck,

ZW —" monster

"ZS —" monster

Zexal® Spell/Trap
@"Rank—Up-Magic" Spell
@"Rank—Down-Magic" Spell

You can only activate 1 "Zexal
Construction" per turn.

Generate

‘a
t


Frame 1579: cot aan

Norv! Spx

eg)
Reveal 1 card in your hand, and |f
you do, add 1 of the following cards

mm your Deck to your hand, then
gue the revealed card into the
jack,

"ZW -" monster

"ZS —" monster

‘exal” Spell/Trap
"Rank-Up-Magic" Spell
Rank—Down—Magic™ Spell

You can only aetivate 1 “Zexal
Construction" per turn.

‘{Aitiow to obtain

ai

& fioi0

CanDismantle 0 lr
i Cannot Disa

(PF Generate | oH -30


Frame 1580: set zis | ase

GR 22

Frame 1581: ser eis = ase

GR 22

Frame 1582: @ equip Suet
Gels
The equipped monster gains 800
ATK/DEF for each face-up monster
you control,

Can

Generale

Didmantis

i -30


Frame 1583: @ss1 ae | se ®e
United WeStand Ag

BEquip Spl

i |

The equipped monster gains 800
ATK/DEF for each face-up monster =
you control.


Frame 1584: sot ae se 22
United We Stand

Equip Spel

a)

The equipped monster gains 800
ATK/DEF for each face-up monster
you control.

< ask
C=

Cannot Dismantie

"Bl Generate §=—@ -30


Frame 1585: sot ae se 22
United We Stand a

Equip Spel

(sa)

The equipped monster gains 800
ATK/DEF for each face-up monster
you control.

tl it rd
< =

Bs Cannot Dismantie

(a Generale 2 -30


Frame 1586: 591

as Bs ez

Equip Spell

(spe)
The equipped monster gains 800
ATK/DEF for each face-up monster
you control.

aM tow to obtain

ac:

1
& jsoio
CanDiemantin 0 (EY -!
ae Cannot Dismantie

(al Generale ® -30


Frame 1587: sor ae se 22
United We Stand

Equip Spell

J I | “Al How to obtain

The equipped monster gains 800

ATK/DEF for each face-up monster

you control.

<q 1

& ivolo

Candismantla 0 (ES

sci:

Bs Cannot Dismantie

‘a Generale a -30


Frame 1588: 591

ase Bs 22

Equip Spell

(spe)
The equipped monster gains 800
ATK/DEF for each face-up monster
you control.

aM How to obtain

ae:

1
& jroo
CanDismantla 0 (ES
ae Cannot Dismantie

"f Generate


Frame 1589: ay sa1

rs ss Gee

United We Stand ee

Equip Spell
|
The equipped monster gains 800

ATK/DEF for each face-up monster
you control,

CA)

ae ‘Cannot Dismanti
ra

Generate

-30


Frame 1590: SE quip Set
TT

The equipped monster gains 800
ATK/DEF for each face-up monster

< control,


Frame 1591: ser zis «se

GR 22

Frame 1592: Golden Rule

Z
Besly Sigs —Tl |
oj (Spell. 7

(This card is always treated as a

“Crystal” card.)

Place2 "Cysts! Beast’ monsters

from your Deck Tace—up in| your

Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous

- ‘Spells, then Special Summon 1 Haro
“Crystal Beast" monster from your

andor GY with a different name ~~ ee (Be = )

fantea care}

BE uP)

than those cards, and if yousd®, gyal SE
= equip'it with this card) When this e Dismantls §=dvi0 |
card leaves the field, destray that
monster

You can only activate | "Golden


Frame 1593: Sa

BEquip Spat

el

(This card is always treated as a
“Crystal” card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
from your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
“Crystal Beast" monster from your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card eaves the field, destray that
monster

Yau can only activate 1 "Golden

CH)


Frame 1594: 591

re Bs he

| from your Deck face-up in your

Equip Spl

Sel
(This card is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters

Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
"Crystal Beast" monster trom your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden


Frame 1595: a) 591

Ge Qe He
ene) an
BEquip Speci

|
(This card Is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
irom your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
“Crystal Beast" monster trom your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden


Frame 1596: so pais =<Bss 22

Goldan Rule

Equip Spl

(pal)
(This card Is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
irom your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
“Crystal Beast" monster trom your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden

Ca)

1
& ivo1o


Frame 1597: ay 5a1

ras ss Gee

(pal)
(This card Is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
irom your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
“Crystal Beast" monster trom your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden

1
& ivo1o


Frame 1598: ay 5a1

ras ss Gee

EE |
(This card js always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
from your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
"Crystal Beast" monster trom your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden

=§

1
& ivo1o


Frame 1599: ay 5a1

as ss Gee
| am
BEquip Spell

|
(This card is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
from your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
"Crystal Beast" monster trom your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden


Frame 1600: a) 591

By 2s ——_+ G22

Golden Rule

SEquip Oo
(Spelll

This ee ae is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
from your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
"Crystal Beast monster from your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden

Can Dismantle

&

CE”

Generate

(Chroiatea cue) Cards


Frame 1601: a) 591

ras ss Gee
Golden Rule re] —
| =

(This card is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

Place 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters
from your Deck face-up in your
Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
"Crystal Beast" monster from your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden

Sy Dismantle

"H Generate ~— -30


Frame 1602: =

Beyuip Spel
a |
(This card is always treated as a
"Crystal" card.)

lace 2 "Crystal Beast” monsters
rom your Deck face-up in your

pell & Trap Zone as Continuous
Spells, then Special Summon 1
"Crystal Beast” monster trom your
hand or GY with a different name
than those cards, and if you do,
equip it with this card. When this
card leaves the field, destroy that
monster.

You can only activate 1 "Golden

Gsnerate


Frame 1603: ser ais «se

GR 22

Frame 1604: set ais se

GR 22

Frame 1605: |
® Field Spell
Gell

All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.

Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

a - =)
(Aiton te tan
cai

30


Frame 1606: sor as Qs he
Zombie Word =

@Fiekd Spel
|
All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.
Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

aD

3 Cannot Dismant

"Bt Generate oP -30


Frame 1607: a) 591

i:

SFiaid Spel

(see)
All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.
Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

BE +t

Can Dismantle

"Bt Generate ws
t &


Frame 1608: a) 591

as Bs Ghee

SFiuid Spel

(soe)
All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.
Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

1
BE +t
& jroo
Gs
Can Dismantle

i Cannot Dismantie

"Bt Generate wis


Frame 1609: a) 591

as Bs G22

SFiud Spelt

(see
All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.
Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

1
BE +t
& jroo
g -1
Can Dismantle:

i Cannot Dismantie

"Bt Generate wis


Frame 1610: 591

as Bs Gee

SFieid Spelt

(soe)
All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.
Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

& jroo
a 1

Can Dismantie

“F Cannot Dismantie

il Generate a


Frame 1611: so pais =<Bss 22
ZombieWod A)

|

All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.

Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

Cannot Dismantie

Generate ® -30


Frame 1612: a) 591

rs ss Gee
ZombieWord A
SFieid Spe

(see
All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.

Neither player can Tribute Summon
monsters, except Zombie monsters.

"8 Generate = -30


Frame 1613: Zombie Warld ee ||

SField Set

(so)
All monsters on the field and in the
GYs become Zombie monsters.

gen player can Tribute Summon

jonslers, except Zombie monsters,

& i010

CanDismantle 0


Frame 1614: set zis se

GR 22

Frame 1615: set zis ase

GR 22

Frame 1616: @Fletd Sul

| (Atou to onnin
The player with the lowest LP takes

no damage. =

‘Once per tum, during the Main
Phase; The turn player can pay
1000 LP, then activate 1 of these
effects;

@Draw 1 card.

Destroy this card.

@Your opponent gains 1000 LP. Dismantie +10
Neither player can activate cards or

effects in response to this effect's == a
arieaiions Generate © -30


Frame 1617: @ss1 ae se ies

® Field Spel

ST
The player with the lowest LP takes
no damage.
Once per turn, during the Main

<q Phase: The turn player can pay
1000 LP, then activate 1 of these
effects; a ivoi0
@Draw 1 card. Can Dismantie
@Destroy this card —
@Your opponent gains 1000 LP =
Neither player can activate cards or
effects in response to this effect's
activation. U


Frame 1618: a) 591

rs ss Gee
a |

The player with the lowest LP takes
no damage,

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase; The turn player can pay
1000 LP, then activate 1 of these
effects:

@Draw 1 card.

Destroy this card.

@Your opponent gains 1000 LP
Neither player can activate cards or
effects in response to this effect's
activation.

«
& jvo1o

i
Can Dismantle EJ )

a
U

Generale


Frame 1619: ay 5e1

as ss Gee
|

The player with the lowest LP takes
no damage,

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase; The turn player can pay
1000 LP, then activate 1 of these
effects:

@Draw 1 card.

Destroy this card.

@Your opponent gains 1000 LP
Neither player can activate cards or
effects in response to this effect's
activation.

fi
& ivoro

il
Can Dismantle a )

a
7

Generale


Frame 1620: ay sa1

ras ss Gee
|

The player with the lowest LP takes
no damage,

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase; The turn player can pay
1000 LP, then activate 1 of these
effects:

@Draw 1 card.

Destroy this card.

@Your opponent gains 1000 LP
Neither player can activate cards or
effects in response to this effect's
activation.

Oo
1
& ivoio
Can Dismantle = ]
= -30

at
U

Generale


Frame 1621: ay 591

rs ss Gee
Chicken Game
|

The player with the lowest LP takes
no damage,

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase; The turn player can pay
1000 LP, then activate 1 of these
effects:

@Draw 1 card.

Destroy this card.

@Your opponent gains 1000 LP
Neither player can activate cards or
effects in response to this effect's
activation.

Ciel
1
& isola
Can Dismantle =I }
> -30

at
7

Generale


Frame 1622: i) 591

rs ss Gee

SFiedd Spelt
(see)
The player with the lowest LP takes
no damage,

Once per turn, during the Main
Phase; The turn player can pay

1000 LP, then activate 1 of these
effects;

@Draw 1 card.

Destroy this card.

@Your opponent gains 1000 LP.
Neither player can activate cards or
effects in response to this effect's
activation.

&  Dismantie ib +10

"f Generale -30


Frame 1623: iawn tone

Fie Spel

pe)
The player with the lowest LP takes
no damage.

ince per turn, during the Main
hase: The turn player can pay
000 LP, then activate 1 of these

effects;

@Draw 1 card

Destroy this card

@Your opponent gains 1000 LP

Neither player can activate cards or
effects in response to this effect’s
activation

CA)

Dismantte (& +10

Gunerate -30


Frame 1624: set eis | ase

GR 22

Frame 1625: (set ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1626: Field Spell
Sell

Your opponent cannot target
“Magician”, "Performapal”, or

“Odd—Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.

You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it. and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes* cara
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of "Sky
Iris" once per turn.

=o

Can Dismantla 0

Gonerate

Cannot Didmant

-30


Frame 1627: Gi) 591

as Bs Mee

@ Field Spel

| {see _—__

Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes" cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of "Sky
Iris" once per turn.

hi

Cannot Dismantic

1B Ganerate
General


Frame 1628: iy set

ras ss Gee

|
Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of "Sky
Iris" once per turn.

=_ Je
o (FF

CanDismantle 0

\

Bs Cannot Dismantle

ry

#! Generate = -30


Frame 1629: iy set

ras ss Gee

(Sal)
Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of “Sky
Iris" once per turn.

"8 Generate
General


Frame 1630: i) se1

rs ss Gee

Field Spel

(Sal)
Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd—Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of "Sky
Iris" once per turn.

iL 1
& jso1o
0

Can Dismantie

iy

Generate
t

EQ 71

Cannot Dismantle

> -30


Frame 1631: iy set

rs ss Gee

(Sal)
Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd—Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of "Sky
Iris" once per turn.

ae
aR

& jm
mR ol |

ae Cannot Dismantle

CanDismantle 0

"Ht Generate | -3
#  Generat > -30


Frame 1632: iy set

ras ss Gee

Sky iris Ts

Field Spel

(Sal)
Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of "Sky
Iris" once per turn.

1H Generate
General


Frame 1633: i) set

2s = ese p22

Sky Iris wee 3]

BField Spel
|

Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

can only use this effect of "Sky
" once per turn.

i

j=

Generate

==

pantie


Frame 1634: i set

EC p22
ee

CT
Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.
can only use this effect of "Sky
" once per turn.

pantie

"8 Generate B -3
General > -30


Frame 1635: set

Ce: EC p22

Sky Iris wee 3]

Field Spel
(soe) as

Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Performapal", or
"Odd-Eyes” cards in your
Pendulum Zones with card effects.
You can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy it, and if
you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card
from your Deck to your hand.

can only use this effect of "Sky
" once per turn.

=

cod ‘Cannot Dismantie
a

Generate


Frame 1636: ‘Sky Iris
Fie Spel

Ge
Your opponent cannot target
"Magician", "Perlormapal”, or
“Odd-Eyes" cards in your
qa Zones with card effects.

‘ou can target 1 other face-up
card you control; destroy il, and if ge
you do, add 1 "Odd—Eyes” card

j/o/0

from your Deck to your hand.. oD cages” *c.

You can only use this effect of "Sky
Iris” ance per turn. a ‘Cannot Dismant!

Generate

Z
1
of 7

i -30


Frame 1637: set ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1638: (ser eis | ase

GR 22

Frame 1639: a |
@Fleid Spel)
|

All "Deskbot” monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF,

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of *Deskbot” cards in. your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards:

You can banish 9 "Deskbot® cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, excent "Deskbot
Base"; shuffle all cards fram your
‘opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

& oii/0

Can Dismantie 1


Frame 1640: 591

@2e dss ies

Deskhot Base =e "

@Fivid Spel

(Spe)
All "Deskbot” monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF. =a
Once per turn: You can reveal any

number of "Deskbot” cards in your

hand and shuffle them into the

Deck, then draw the same number aviso

ot cards emer eo -
You can banish 9 “Deskbot™ cards Sa Oiemanlie _t

with different names from your field

and/or Graveyard, except "Deskbot a antle = @ +15

Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and ry
;

Graveyard into the Deck.

Ca)

Generale i -30


Frame 1641: iy set

rs ss Gee
|

All "Deskbot" monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of “Deskbot" cards in your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards

You can banish 9 “Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except "Deskhat
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

|

& ovivo
(oe

Can Dismantle

Eid

‘i
t

Dismantle

Generate ® -30


Frame 1642: iy se1

as ss Gee
Ce Cn)
|

All "Deskbot" monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of “Deskbot" cards in your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards

You can banish 9 “Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except "Deskhat
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

|

1
RB +4
& ovivo
ConDiswwntie 1 (ES -'
“Re Dismantie
i Generate = -30


Frame 1643: iy set

ras ss Gee
|

All "Deskbot" monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of “Deskbot" cards in your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards

You can banish 9 “Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except "Deskhat
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

|

& ovivo
(me

Can Dismantie

Eid

‘ta
t

Dismantle

Generate ® -30


Frame 1644: iy set

rs ss Gee
o So
| |

All "Deskbot" monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of “Deskbot" cards in your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards

You can banish 9 “Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except "Deskhat
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

Can Dismantle


Frame 1645: iy set

rs ss Gee
a
(Seel]___

All "Deskbot" monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of “Deskbot" cards in your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards

You can banish 9 “Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except "Deskhat
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

(Aton :oobuin
Related Cards

uJ

& oviso
(to -
Can Dismantle eo
“B  Dismantie
a Generate i —30


Frame 1646: (iy se1

as se Gee
| |

All "Deskbot" monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of “Deskbot" cards in your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards.

You can banish 9 "Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except 'Deskhat
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

:
& oriso
Can Dismantie a )
“8 Dismantle +15
= -30

i

Generate


Frame 1647: (iy se1

rs se Gee
a —
| |

All "Deskbot" monsters on the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.

Once per turn: You can reveal any
number of "Deskbot" cards in your
hand and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards.

You can banish 9 "Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except 'Deskhat
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

& oviso
Can Dismantie = )
“8 Dismantle +15

= -30

i

Generate


Frame 1648: <n |
‘SFieid Spell
|
All "Deskbot" monsters an the field
gain 500 ATK and DEF.
Ince per lun: You cart reveal any
lumber of "Deskbot” cards in your
‘and and shuffle them into the
Deck, then draw the same number
of cards,
You can banish 9 "Deskbot" cards
with different names from your field
and/or Graveyard, except "Deskbot
Base"; shuffle all cards from your
opponent's hand, field and
Graveyard into the Deck.

orto

&
ee Cc

(12 Ganerste

-30


Frame 1649: ser ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1650: The True Sun God

BOuhmmngiyl,

(Spoil) i]
When this card Is activated:“Add “f
“The Winged Dragun af Ra" or J

card tral mentionsiitiirom your

Deck to your hand, except “The

True Sun Godt

Monsters. except “The Winged
Dragon of Rat, canna} attack the:

lm they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main | #
Phase: You can send this card trom
the fie\o or | "The Winged Drager’

of Ra — mmartal Phoenix’ trem
your Deck, ta the GY, then send |

(aves Sebpir}

4]

& a
A% Vismantle “Gp +io — |


Frame 1651: retail

@ronieame By

|
When this card is activated: Add 1
“The Winged Dragon of Ra" or 1
card that mentions it from your
Dack to your hand, except "The
True Sun God",

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card trom
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra ~ Immortal Phoenix” trom
your Deck, to the GY, then send 1

3 ioro

Can Dismantle 1

4B Dismantle

® Ganerale
S Gene


Frame 1652: 501 ars se 2
TheTrueSunGod

Gotan Spe

(Seals
When this card is activated: Add 1
"The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1

card that mentions it from your

Deck to your hand, except "The

True Sun God",

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the

turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phoenix” fram ‘8 Generale | —30
your Deck, to the GY, then send 1

(A iow oon


Frame 1653: (ay se1

rs se Gee

{Spelll

When this card is activated: Add 1
"The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phoenix" fram
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

& jroo
Can Dismantle

cd

i

Dismantle

Generate


Frame 1654: (ay se1

rs se Gee
TheTrueSunGod ED

(spal]__
When this card is activated: Add 1
"The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phoenix" fram
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

& joo
Can Dismantle

e

a

Dismantle

Generate


Frame 1655: (ay se1

as se Gee

CT |
When this card is activated: Add 1
"The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phoenix" fram
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

1
. Bo +1
& isin
Can Dismantie eo
4 Dismantie
ry

#! Generale


Frame 1656: (iy se1

rs ss Gee

(soal]_
When this card is activated: Add 1
"The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phoenix" fram
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

ft

& joo

Can Dismantle wm |
AS Dismantle +10

a

Generate


Frame 1657: ay set

rs se Gee

(all
When this card is activated: Add 1
"The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phoenix" fram
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

ft

& joo

Can Dismantie |
AS Dismantle +10

ir

Generate


Frame 1658: (iy sa1

rs se Gee
| (A von oosnin)

When this card is activated: Add 1
“The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phaenix" from
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

ff
jvovo

& jro1
Can Dismantle = )

& antle +10
30

Generale


Frame 1659: (iy se1

rs se Gee
| (A von: osnin)

When this card is activated: Add 1
“The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phaenix" from
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

ff
jvoio

& Einy,
Can Dismantle at )

& antle +10
30

Generale


Frame 1660: (iy sat

rs ss Gee
ic ol
|

When this card is activated: Add 1
“The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phaenix" from
Deck, to the GY, then send 1

!
1
jroo
Can Dismantie te 1)
30

Generate 3


Frame 1661: (ay sa1

rs se Gee

Greats et

|
When this card is activated: Add 1
“The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phaenix" from
Deck, to the GY, then send 1


Frame 1662: (iy se1

ce oC p22

Greats et

Geel]
When this card is activated: Add 1
“The Winged Dragon of Ra” or 1
card that mentions it from your
Deck to your hand, except "The
True Sun God"

Monsters, except "The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phaenix" from
Deck, to the GY, then send 1


Frame 1663: When this card is activated: Add 1

"The Winged Dragon of Ra" or 1

card that mentions it from your
jeck to your hand, except "The
Tue Sun God",

Monsters, except “The Winged
Dragon of Ra", cannot attack the
turn they are Special Summoned.
Once per turn, during your Main
Phase: You can send this card from
the field, or 1 "The Winged Dragon
of Ra — Immortal Phoenix" fram
your Deck, to the GY, then send |

= -
& ) C=”
a Ca,

Gunerate

® -30


Frame 1664: (set ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1665: set ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1666: |

@ roles Bipot

Sel
“Horus” monsters you control

cannol be destroyed by card effects
that do not target them.

You can send 1 card {rom your

hand to the GY; send 1 "Horus"
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
limes per turn.
Once per turn, at the start af the
Damage Step, if your "Horus"
monster battles an apponent's
monster: You can send that

CA)

Cb Relates cards
f-3 toro
27 = 1mm!

® o


Frame 1667: i) 591

@re dss de

Gemma anes Spe

So)
"Horus" monsters you contral
cannol be destroyed by card effects
that do not target them,

You can send 1 card from your
hand to the GY; send 1 "Horus"
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
times per turn.

Once per turn, at the start of the
Damage Step, if your "Horus"
monster battles an opponent's
monster: You can send that

(Al tow to obtain

Can Dismantie


Frame 1668: iy set

as ss Gee

tg Sacoams

Grete Fp

Sol)
"Horus" monsters you control
cannot be destroyed by card effects
that do not target them,

You can send 1 card from your
hand to the GY; send 1 “Horus”
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
times per turn.

Once per turn, at the start of the
Damage Step, if your "Horus"
monster battles an opponent's
monster: You can send that


Frame 1669: iy se1

rs ss Gee

tsSaconmn I]

Greate Fp

Sol)
"Horus" monsters you control
cannot be destroyed by card effects
that do not target them,

You can send 1 card from your
hand to the GY; send 1 “Horus”
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
times per turn.

Once per turn, at the start of the
Damage Step, if your "Horus"
monster battles an opponent's
monster: You can send that

Bo


Frame 1670: (ay se1

as se Gee

tgsSaconms

Greate Fp

Sl)
"Horus" monsters you control
cannot be destroyed by card effects
that do not target them,

You can send 1 card from your
hand to the GY; send 1 “Horus”
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
times per turn.

Once per turn, at the start of the
Damage Step, if your "Horus"
monster battles an opponent's
monster: You can send that

Be


Frame 1671: (iy se1

rs se Gee

tgs Sacotoms I]

Greate Fp

[Spell] Sn
"Horus" monsters you control
cannot be destroyed by card effects
that do not target them.

You can send 1 card from your
hand to the GY; send 1 “Horus”
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
times per turn.

Once per turn, at the start of the
Damage Step, if your "Horus"
monster battles an opponent's
monster: You can send that

(a How to obtain

Bo


Frame 1672: (iy se1

rs se Gee
ee
Sool

"Horus" monsters you control
cannot be destroyed by card effects
that do not target them,

You can send 1 card from your
hand to the GY; send 1 “Horus”
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
times per turn.

Once per turn, at the start of the
Damage Step, if your "Horus"
monster battles an opponent's
monster: You can send that

(a How to obtain
EO 71

1
& jvoo
Can Dismantie

i +10

A= Dismantie

"@! Generate  -30


Frame 1673: King's Sarcophagus =

{@onatheenes pt

|
“Horus monsters you control
cannot be destroyed by card effects
al do not target them,

q: can send 1 card from your

and to the GY; send 1 “Horus
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of

"King's Sarcophagus" up to four
times per turn.

Once per turn, at the start of the | sean
Damage Step, if your “Horus”
monstar battles an oppanent's Gunerate

monster: You can send that


Frame 1674: (ser eis | ase

GR 22

Frame 1675: (ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1676: @oUi Puy spel

(els
Send 1 "Ojama" card from your
hand ar face-up fiald to the GY;
add to your hand. 1 "Ojama”
monster with a different name. and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, from
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon
1 of those monsters

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished "Ojama”

monsters; shuffle them into the
Danks theme sins

es

CA)
:


Frame 1677: i) 591

as Bs ie

Ojamatch

Pick Piny Set

(So)
Send 1 "Ojama” card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY;
add to your hand, 1 "Ojama”
monster with a different name. and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, from
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon
1 of those monsters.

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished “Ojama"

monsters; shuffle them into the
eae AS SS)

CR )
/
WB Related Cards

BE +

& iva
i Cn

Cannot Di

1

mantic


Frame 1678: iy se1

rs ss Gee

Ojamatch

Bowe Poy Spal

(Se
Send 1 "Ojama" card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY;
add to your hand, 1 "Ojama"
monster with a different name, and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, from
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately atter this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon.
1 of those monsters.

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished “Ojama”

monsters; shuffle them into the
Bice Shee, Hoos 1 ess

| Se
& ivaio
CanDismantie 0 =a )

Cannot Dis

1

antle

V8 Generate ® -30


Frame 1679: (iy se1

rs se Gee

Bowe Poy Bel

|
Send 1 "Ojama" card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY;
add to your hand, 1 "Ojama"
monster with a different name, and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, from
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately atter this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon.
1 of those monsters.

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished “Ojama”

monsters; shuffle them into the
Bice Shee Heese 1 sis

1
& iain

CanDismantle 0

Generate

a

Cannot Dis

How to Obtain

Bo +t

antle

30


Frame 1680: iy set

ras ss Gee

macy

Bove Py Spe

(spel) as
Send 1 "Ojama" card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY;
add to your hand, 1 "Ojama"
monster with a different name, and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, from
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately atter this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon,
1 of those monsters.

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished “Ojama”

monsters; shuffle them into the
Biere ghee Heese Noses

1
& isaio

CanDismantle 0

+ Cannot Dis

Generate

Ca)

| SD

antle


Frame 1681: ay se1

rs se Gee

Ojamatch

Brn Pay Be

seal
Send 1 "Ojama” card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY;
add to your hand, 1 "Ojama"
monster with a different name, and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, trom
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon
1 of those monsters.

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished "Ojama"

monsters; shuffle them into the
Park thie eased

— _a-»
X
= Cae

CanDismantie 0 =

Cannot Dismantie

"fH Generate B -31
General ® -30


Frame 1682: (iy se1

as se Gee

Ojamatch

Brie Py Beat
(seat)

Send 1 "Ojama” card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY;
add to your hand, 1 "Ojama"
monster with a different name, and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, from
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon
1 of those monsters.

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished "Ojama"

monsters; shuffle them into the
ack: the see asecey

1

& jroo

CanDismantle 0

"BI Generate i
General B


Frame 1683: ay se1

rs se Gee

Ojamatch

Brie Pey Beat
(seat)

Send 1 "Ojama” card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY;
add to your hand, 1 "Ojama"
monster with a different name, and
1 "Armed Dragon" monster, from
your Deck and/or GY, then,
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Normal Summon
1 of those monsters.

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished "Ojama"

monsters; shuffle them into the
ack: the see asecey

1

& jroo

CanDismantle 0

"BI Generate ia
General B


Frame 1684: |
Gel)

Send 1 "Ojama" card from your
hand or face-up field to the GY:
dd to your hand, 1 "Ojama”
jonster with a different name, and
"Armed Dragon" monster, from
"your Deck and/er GY, then,
immediately after this effect
resolyes, you can Normal Summon
1 af those monsters.
During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY, then
target 3 of your banished "Ojama"
monsters; shuffle them into the

Herd Whe deed

aD

&

Can Dismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie

Gsnerate 30


Frame 1685: (set ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1686: (ser ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1687: fo sooo Cn)

@ ck Poy St

(Spe) (hem onsin)
Place 1 card an top of the Deck

from your hand, Deck, or GY, that js ou)
“Dark Magician" or mentions "Dark

Magician” or "Dark Magician Giri",

except "Soul Servant" +

During your Main Phase: Youcan gy _B0/0
banish this card from your GY; draw ee

cards equal to the number of Sagpigpantien "0

"Palladium" monsters, "Dark
Magician", and/or “Dark Magician
Girl", with different names, on the
field and in the GYs.

You can only use this effect of

Cannot Dismantis


Frame 1688: ser are se ies

Puce Pay Se

Sal
Place 1 card on top of the Deck

from your hand, Deck, or GY, that is
"Dark Magician" or mentions “Dark

Magician” or “Dark Magician Girl", 2

except "Soul Servant", Bo + >
During your Main Phase: Youcan gy 30/0

banish this card from your GY; draw (Bo
cards equal to the number of ‘CanDisméntie 0

"Palladium" monsters, "Dark

Magician", and/or "Dark Magician As Cannot Dismantie

Girl", with different names, on the
field and in the GYs.

‘ou can only use this effect of

CA)

&

30


Frame 1689: (ay se1

rs ss Gee

Soul Servant ee 3]

Brute Pay Bye

|
Place 1 card on top of the Deck

from your hand, Deck, or GY, that is
"Dark Magician” or mentions "Dark
Magician" or “Dark Magician Gi
except "Soul Servant”,

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY; draw
cards equal to the number of
"Palladium" monsters, "Dark
Magician", and/or “Dark Magician
Girl”, with different names, on the
field and in the GYs.

‘ou can only use this effect of

‘

Can Dismantle

ry

Generate
t

CA)

30


Frame 1690: (ay se1

as se Gee
Soul Servani 3]

|
Place 1 card on top of the Deck

from your hand, Deck, or GY, that is
"Dark Magician” or mentions "Dark
Magician" or “Dark Magician Gi
except "Soul Servant”,

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY; draw
cards equal to the number of
"Palladium" monsters, "Dark
Magician", and/or “Dark Magician
Girl”, with different names, on the
field and in the GYs.

‘ou can only use this effect of

‘1

CanDismantle 0

ry

30
t

Generate


Frame 1691: (iy se1

rs ss Gee

Soul Servant je]

Brute Pay Spe

|
Place 1 card on top of the Deck

from your hand, Deck, or GY, that is
"Dark Magician” or mentions "Dark
Magician" or “Dark Magician Gi
except "Soul Servant”,

During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY; draw
cards equal to the number of
"Palladium" monsters, "Dark
Magician", and/or “Dark Magician
Girl”, with different names, on the
field and in the GYs.

‘ou can only use this effect of

Can Dismantle

ry

Generate
t

30


Frame 1692: (sor pais as 22
Soul Servant 3

Brute Pay Bye

| |

Place 1 card on top of the Deck
from your hand, Deck, or GY, that is (Cretaes caret)
Magician" or “Dark Magician Gi
1
=a

2

< except "Soul Servant”.

During your Main Phase: You can ge 3010
banish this card from your GY; draw (
cards equal to the number of CeoDhmasie or
"Palladium" monsters, "Dark
Magician", and/or "Dark Magician &
Girl”, with different names, on the
field and in the GYs.
‘ou can only use this effect of

Generate 30


Frame 1693: Soul Servant

Bau Pray Ape

{Spell a
Place 1 card on top of the Deck
from your hand, Deck, or GY. that is
"Dark Magician" of mentions "Dark
agician” or "Dark Magician Girl”,
cept "Soul Servant",
During your Main Phase: You can
banish this card from your GY; draw
cards equal to the number of
"Palladium" monsters, “Dark
Magician", and/or “Dark Magician
Girl”, with different names, on the
field and in the GYs.

You can only use this effect of

mo +t

"PF Gunerale 30

20/0

Cen Dismantle 0


Frame 1694: (set ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1695: Forbidden Droplet

Druk apm

{Spell _"

Send any number of ather cards
from your anid and/or field to the
GY chooserthal many Effect
Monsters your opponent conifols,
and unui the end of this turn, their
ATKis halved, also their affects ane
negated. In response to this card =
activation, your oppanent cannot
activate cards, or the eifects,ob
cardsswith the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the-catds
sent to the GY ta activate this card
You can only activates! "Fornidden

Siremrisetreee

._

Gin dena 1 EY

Be Dismantle =H 18

os
*


Frame 1696: @ rock Py Pel

Gell
Send any number of other cards
from your hand and/or fiald to the
GY; choose that many Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
and until the end of this turn, their
ATK is halved, also their effects are
negated. In response to this card's
activation, your opponent cannot
activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards
sent to the GY to activate this card
You can only activate | “Forbidden

Dienst eet

(How to obtain

!
& oii/0
Can Dismantl Et )
= 3

=30

aD
hoa,

[ F  Generate


Frame 1697: i) 591

@2e dss de

‘avn a
|
Send any number of other cards

|

from your hand and/or field to the

Gi choose that mary Elect (Gremescwe)

Monsters your opponent controls, iL 1

and until the end of this turn, their Bo +4
Bt

ATK is halved, also their effects are

negated. In response to this card's wu
activation, your opponent cannot Can Diamantie 1 )

activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards & antle Gy +15

sent to the GY to activate this card. -

You can only activate 1 “Forbidden fm —30

irrsmlentereeee tee


Frame 1698: (iy sa1

as ss Gee

Bouice-Pey Spel

(See) as
Send any number of other cards
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; choose that many Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
and until the end of this turn, their
ATK Is halved, also their effects are
negated. In response to this card's
activation, your opponent cannot
activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards
sent ta the GY to activate this card.
You can only activate 1 “Forbidden

Drnnlabt nes sche

& ovi/o

Can Dismantie

&

mg =)
General

30


Frame 1699: (iy set

rs ss Gee

Bouice-Pey Spel

(see) as
Send any number of other cards
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; choose that many Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
and until the end of this turn, their
ATK Is halved, also their effects are
negated. In response to this card's
activation, your opponent cannot
activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards
sent ta the GY to activate this card.
You can only activate 1 “Forbidden

Drnnlabt nes dcr

& ovi/o

Can Dismantie

&

mg 7
General

30


Frame 1700: (ay sat

rs ss Gee

Bouice-Pey Spel

(soe)
Send any number of other cards
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; choose that many Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
and until the end of this turn, their
ATK Is halved, also their effects are
negated. In response to this card's
activation, your opponent cannot
activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards
sent ta the GY to activate this card.
You can only activate 1 “Forbidden

Drnnlabt es 4ciee

Related Cards

1
& oviso
oo
& ant Gh +15

ry
30

Generale


Frame 1701: (iy sa1

as ss Gee

Enamel e) aD

Bouice-Pey Spelt

(See)

Send any number of other cards
from your hand and/or field to the (CGpreiec cna)
GY; choose that many Effect inti}

Monsters your opponent controls,

1
and until the end of this turn, their 2
ATK Is haved, also their effects are itio
negated. In response to this card's 0/4/0 (ee 7 ) 7

activation, your opponent cannot Can Dismantle
activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type ‘Ap iemani @as

(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards
sent to the GY to activate this card.

You can only activate 1 "Forbidden

Drnnlab" nes dcr

ry
30


Frame 1702: iy 591

rs ss Gee

Bouice-Pey Spelt

(seol]
Send any number of other cards
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; choose that many Effect
Monsters your opponent controls,
and until the end of this turn, their
ATK Is haved, also their effects are
negated. In response to this card's
activation, your opponent cannot
activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards
sent ta the GY to activate this card.
You can only activate 1 “Forbidden

Drnnlab" ner 4ciere

1
& oviso
= CD
-  Dismant Gh +15

ry
30

Generale


Frame 1703: Bouce Pray Bp
[Spell]

Send any number of other cards
from your hand and/or field to the
GY; choose that many Effect
jonsters your opponent controls,
d until the end of this turn, their
ATK Is halved, also their effects are
negated. in response te this card's
activation, your opponent cannot
activate cards, or the effects of
cards, with the same original type
(Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards

sent ta the GY to activate this card.

You can only activate 1 "Forbidden

Tensioners

__ ll

& oviso

ae 1 ad -1
“ye Dismantie «= 415

| Generate -30


Frame 1704: (set ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1705: Sky Striker Mobilize— Linkagal (ET

Deuu.-Pngayrl,

sSp9ill. ~_ = =

I you comtrol no monsters’ in your
Main Marister Zanes You canino
Specs Summer from (lie Extra
Deck for the rest of this tujn alter

i) this car resalvesrexeep! "Sky

[as Y

(Ea > )
‘Stuiker Ace" monsiets, also send 1 tan
other card ypu contra) to the GY,

and} yourde: Speeial Summon | faa ttimanie 1 fall 4
"Sky Stnker Ace manster fram,youk »

Extra) Deck (othe Extra Monster 3

Zone and Wf you tava at lems] AR blew a
UGHT end 1 DARK "Sky Sirlker

Ace” monsters cn your field and/or yes us

in vour GY the Slimmoned monster 79 0p


Frame 1706: Sy Shikec sitar

coe Py Pr

|
If you control no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone; You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Dack for the rest of this turn after
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you contral to the GY,
and it you do, Special Summon 1
“Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and If you nave at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace" monsters on your fleld and/or
In vour GY. the Summoned monster

& iaro
Can Damn Ea 51
Ay Dismantie +10

F Genziale


Frame 1707: 591

as Bs ie

@niceray a
{Spalll

If you ETS no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn aiter
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control to the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
"Sky Striker Ace" manster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and if you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace” monsters an your fleld and/or
in vour GY. the Summoned monster

L__fil
& isova

Contiamantie 1 (EQ -!


Frame 1708: (iy se1

rs ss Gee
ss nt
|

If you control no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn aiter
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control to the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
“Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and if you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace" monsters an your fleld and/or
in vour GY. the Summoned monster

1
B+
& iio
A

Can Dismantle

“By Dismant


Frame 1709: (iy se1

rs ss Gee
Sky Striker Mobilize Linkagel AE
|

If you cantrol no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn aiter
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control to the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
"Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and if you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace" monsters an your fleld and/or
In vour GY. the Summoned monster

|
1
& ivoio
A

Can Dismantle

-B  Dismant


Frame 1710: (ay set

rs se Gee
Sky Striker Mobilize Linkagel AE) »)
Bouce-Pey Spelt - CA
eel) |

Related Cards

If you cantrol no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn aiter
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control to the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
"Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and if you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace" monsters an your fleld and/or
In vour GY. the Summoned monster

1
iva
Can Dismantle
“B  Dismant


Frame 1711: (ay sat

rs ss Gee

Sky Striker Mobilize —

ruse Phy Sym

J |
IF you control no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn after
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control to the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
“Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and if you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace" monsters on your fleld and/or
in vour GY. the Summoned monster


Frame 1712: (ay set

xs se Gee

Sky Striker Mobilize ~ Li

Frure-Phy Spt

J |
If you control no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn after
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control to the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
“Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and if you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace" monsters an your field and/or
in vour GY. the Summoned monster.

How to Obtain


Frame 1713: (iy se1

rs ss Gee

Sky Striker Mobilize ~ Li

Baur Phy Spe

|
IF you control no monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn after
this card resolves, except "Sky
Striker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control to the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
"Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and if you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace" monsters on your fleld and/or
in vour GY. the Summoned monster


Frame 1714: Pade Pray Opn

TE |

If you control ne monsters in your
Main Monster Zone: You cannot
Special Summon from the Extra
eck for the rest of this turn aiter
lis card resolves, except "Sky
iker Ace" monsters, also send 1
other card you control te the GY,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
"Sky Striker Ace" monster from your
Extra Deck to the Extra Monster
Zone, and If you have at least 1
LIGHT and 1 DARK "Sky Striker
Ace” monsters an your fleld and/or
in vour GY. the Summoned monster

—aae 7) =

Can oad

=30

Generate


Frame 1715: (ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1716: ®

Deak ay,

{Spell
The activation of this card or its+

affects, cannol b8 negated, jor call

its ettects be negated:
Special Summon 1 “Obelisk the
| Tormentor’ fram your hand of. Gy,
and if you da, it isunaftected by
youl opponent's card effects this

(urn.

if you Tribute. 2 or more monsters

you contral af the same time to:

activate yaur card. or tect wih:
\ you contol "Obelisk the

Tarmantor"® You ean banish this

Ean Dismantic

Ae dismantle +10

Py

mt


Frame 1717: @oUA-Pay Syst

Seal

The activation of this card. or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated.

Special Summon 1 "Obelisk the
Tormentor" from your hand or GY,
and if you de, it is unaffected by
your opponent's card effects this
turn.

If you Tribute 2 or more monsters
you control al the same time to
activate your card or effect, while
you control “Obelisk the
Tarmentor": Yar in banish this

& taro

Can Dismantl

c

Dismantie

a>
Ev *

i +10


Frame 1718: Gy 591

re dss ez

Sick Pay Spe

|
The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated.

Special Summon 1 “Obelisk the
Tormentor" from your hand or GY,
and if you do, it is unaffected by
your opponent's card effects this
turn,

If you Tribute 2 or more monsters
you control at the same time ta
activate your card or effect, while
you cantrol “Obelisk the
Tormentor": You can banish this


Frame 1719: iy set

rs ss Gee

Brute Pry Syn

|
The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summon 1 “Obelisk the
Tormentor from your hand or GY,
and if you do, it is unaffected by
your opponent's card effects this
turn,

if you Tribute 2 or more monsters
you control at the same time to
activate your card or effect, while
you control "Obelisk the
Tormentor": You can banish this

& iso1o
Can Dismantie +)
Ay Dismani +10

a
t

1

Generate 3


Frame 1720: iy set

rs ss Gee

Brute Pay Sy

Seal
The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summon 1 “Obelisk the
Tormentor from your hand or GY,
and if you do, it is unaffected by
your opponent's card effects this
turn,

if you Tribute 2 or more monsters
you control at the same time to
activate your card or effect, while
you control "Obelisk the
Tarmentor": You can banish this

!
& jso1o
Can Dismantie +)
Ay Dismani +10

ra
t

Generate 3


Frame 1721: i) set

rs se Gee

Brute Pay Syl

|
The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summon 1 “Obelisk the
Tormentor from your hand or GY,
and if you do, it is unaffected by
your opponent's card effects this
turn,

if you Tribute 2 or more monsters
you control at the same time to
activate your card or effect, while
you control "Obelisk the
Tarmentor": You can banish this

& jso1o
Can Dismantie +)
Ay Dismani +10

ra
t

1

Generate 3


Frame 1722: iy set

rs se Gee

Brute Pry Syl

Seal
The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summon 1 “Obelisk the
Tormentor" from your hand or GY,
and if you do, it is unaffected by
your opponent's card effects this
turn,

If you Tribute 2 or more monsters
you control at the same time to
activate your card or effect, while
you control "Obelisk the
Tormentor": You can banish this

——
( Crotaca cares) Cards


Frame 1723: The Braking Fun God] an»

Bogue Pray Ope

el__

The activation of this card, or its

effects, cannot be negated, nor can | (Grrnatee coe)
its effects be negated, | i hima
pecial Summon 1 "Obelisk the
ermenitoi" frog) yourthandcr Gi A

and if you do, it is unaffected by & Troi

our opponant's cts = ie
your one card ettects this 7 (7-1

If you Tribute 2 or more monsters
you contro) at the same time ta ‘AZ Dismantio «= @® +10
activate your card or effect, while

4D

__| you contro! "Obelisk the ' Gunsrate a
Tormentor”: You can banish this a =


Frame 1724: (ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1725: Drank Pay sin

(Spel ee. |
Activate 1 of these effects;
@Place 1 "Centur—lan? mansies, J
(rom your Deck |p ¥en Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Conlinugys

| Tjap. For the vest of this tum, while
| you control that card, or any eard

wiltithatisams aris name, You oe amar

cannot Special Summon trom the = ijeEae Dlamartie _1 4
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lont 5

monsters. Ae dismantle «= +10

@Set 1 'Centiyr—ion" Spell/Teap
directly fram your Deck. ~ 2
You can only activate | ‘emilema a ea |


Frame 1726: |

@OULk-Pay Spal

Gel
Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centur-ton” monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur—ion" Spell/Trap
directly from your Deck.

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

— o-=

& tivo
coment (ES
‘AE Dismantie +10
Ld Generale

u ik


Frame 1727: i) 501

re dss

Emblema Oath

Brey Bet
(el

Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centur-lon” monster
from your Deck In your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon"
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly from your Deck.

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

CR

f
( Cretatea corse

a isso

Can Dismantle “al )

4S Dismantie §=—@ +10

ra

pel 1

Generate a -30


Frame 1728: set

as se Gee

Emblema Gath a

Brute Poy Spl

|
Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centurion" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

1
& ino
Can Dismantle “ )
acd

Hl Generate «= -30


Frame 1729: set

rs ss Gee

Emblema Gath —— ne)

Bantex Poy Spl

(spell
Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon"
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centurion" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

1
& ino
Can Dismantle au )
acd

Hl Generate §=— ER -30


Frame 1730: iy set

rs ss Gee

Emblema Gath ne)

Bantex Poy Spl

(spell
Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centurion" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

1
& ino
Can Dismantle gu )
acd

WH Generate §=— ER -30


Frame 1731: set

rs se Gee

Emblema Gath ee)

Brute Poy Syl

(spell
Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

1
& iso
Can Dismantle a )
acd

WH Generate «= -30


Frame 1732: set

rs ss Gee

Emblema Gath ne)

Brute Poy Syl

(spell
Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

1
& ino
Can Dismantle = )
acd

WH Generate = -30


Frame 1733: a |

Bautee Peay Sp

|
Activate 1 of these effects;

Place 1 "Centur—lon” monster
rom your Deck in your Spell & Trap
‘one as a face-up Continuous
rap. For the rest of this turn, while
you contro| that card, or any card
with that same original name you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters
@Set 1 "Centur-lon” Spell/Trap
directly from your Deck
You can only activate 1 "Emblema


Frame 1734: (ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 1735: Drak empty

Spall a

Activale | of these effects:

@Place 1 *Conty;on” monster,
from your Dak jn yeu Spell & Trap
Zone a8 a face-up Conlinuuus

| Trap, (For te 'vest of this (pn, yells
you certrol thet care, ci arwcard
with thal sam original name, you
anne! Specia) Summon trom the
Extra Deck, except "Centir-tont ie

| monsters,
@Set 1 "Centurion spell/Teap
directly trom your Dech. f

You can only activate | Emblema 7 7


Frame 1736: DOULA-Pay Sp

|
Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 "Centurton” monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face—up Continuous
‘Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
witn that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur—lon”
monsters.

@sSet 1 "Centir—jon” Spell/Trap
directly from your Deck.

Yau can only activate 1 "Emblema


Frame 1737: i) 591

ae dese ies

Emblema Oath

Davie Pay She!
{Spell a

Activate 1 of these effects;

@Place 1 “Centurion” monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-ton" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck.

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

GB Related Cards

1
B+
= sHii0
=== Gale
“SS Dismantie = +15
i" : 30


Frame 1738: set

rs ss Gee

Enlema Gath

nee Cm )
(oo

Activate 1 of these effects:
@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face—up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this tum, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

© Related Cards
1

£ sri10

ph

eo


Frame 1739: iy set

rs se Gee

Enlema Gath

ree Cm )
(oe

Activate 1 of these effects:
@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face—up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this tum, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

CB Rolated Cards

| sD

it
£ sri0

cari Diente ih

eo!


Frame 1740: iy set

rs se Gee

{Spell] le
Activate 1 of these effects:

@Place 1 "Centurion" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

=

£ sri70

BQ o-1
Can Dismantle


Frame 1741: iy set

es ss Gee

Emblema Oath =)

Bratce Phy By

|
Activate 1 of these effects:

@Place 1 "Centurion" monster

from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous

Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you contro! that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck 1a

You can only activate 1 "Emblema.


Frame 1742: iy set

By 218 ——- sa G22
Emblema Oath
Bout Pay oo

Activate es of these effects;
@Place 1 "Centur—lon" monster
from your Deck in your Spell & Trap
Zone as a face-up Continuous
Trap. For the rest of this turn, while
you control that card, or any card
with that same original name, you
cannot Special Summon from the
Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon”
monsters.

@Set 1 "Centur-lon" Spell/Trap
directly fram your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema.

(me «1 )

& svi
Can Dismantle ts ]


Frame 1743: |
Dries Pay Ope!

{Spell EEE
Activate 1 of these effects;

Place 1 “Centur—lon" monster
< your Deck in your Spell & Trap

fone as a face-up Conlinuous
rap. For the rest of this turn, while

you control that card, or any card

with that same original name you

cannot Special Summon from the

Extra Deck, except "Centur-lon"

monsters.

@Set | "Centur-lon” Spell/Trap

directly from your Deck

You can only activate 1 "Emblema

& sai)
Can Dismantle 1
4 Dismantie
' Gonrale


Frame 1744: (ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1745: (ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1746: Do uick-Pay Spt

(see
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in
your hand or face-up fleld, add 1
Winged Beast monster from your
Deck to your hand with the same
Level that the Tributed monster
had.

You can only activate 1 "Swallow's:
Cowrie" per turn,

Ca)

o
Bo 4
@ + )

te H10

& toro

Can Dismanile 1
4 Dismantie

{ 'P  Generate -30


Frame 1747: ser ae | se de
Swallow'sComie EL

®ve Pay Spel

Goal
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in
your hand or face-up field; add 1

Winged Beast monster from your u

Deck to your hand with the same 1

Level that the Tributed monster $j RB +4
Hage & ivoio

You can only activate 1 "Swallow's BQ:

Cowrie” per turn.

4s Dismantle = +10

Ga,


Frame 1748: iy set

rs ss Gee

swovs cone

Bret Phy Bat

{Spoil
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in
your hand or face-up field; add 1
Winged Beast monster from your
Deck to your hand with the same
Level that the Tributed monster

had.

You can only activate 1 "Swallow's
Cowrie” per tum,

& jso1o

CanDismantie 1


Frame 1749: i) set

rs se Gee

swovs cone

‘Binhick- Phy Ep

{Spoils
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in
your hand or face-up field; add 1
Winged Beast monster from your
Deck to your hand with the same
Level that the Tributed monster

had.

You can only activate 1 "Swallow's
Cowrie” per tum.


Frame 1750: iy set

rs se Gee

swtovs cone

‘Binhick Phy Eom

{Spoils
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in
your hand or face-up field; add 1
Winged Beast monster from your
Deck to your hand with the same
Level that the Tributed monster

had.

You can only activate 1 "Swallow's
Cowrie” per tum.


Frame 1751: iy set

as ss Gee
Swallow's Cowie AE = a —

(Sool)
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in
your hand or face-up field; add 1
Winged Beast monster from your
Deck to your hand with the same
Level that the Tributed monster

had.

You can only activate 1 "Swallow's
Cowrie" per tum.

How to Obtain

Chee
& joo
9-1
Can Dismantie 1 )

id

Dismantle

Generate -30


Frame 1752: set

rs ss Gee
Setlow Cre) GED
(Foutce- Pry Spe

S|
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in
your hand or face-up field; add 1
Winged Beast monster from your
Deck to your hand with the same
Level that the Tributed monster

had.

You can only activate 1 "Swallow's
Cowrie" per tum.

Chee
1
& joo
9 -1

Can Dismantie 1
&  Dismantie itis

+10


Frame 1753: Baise Pay Op!

|
Tribute 1 Winged Beast monster in

your hand or face-up field; add 1

Winged Beast monster from your
eck to your hand with the same
evel that the Tributed monster

had. | an
You can only activate 1 "Swallow's ~~ (m4
Cowrie" per tum. coe = -
{ Dismantic +10
[ "P Generate *2) -30


Frame 1754: (ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1755: (ser ais | ase

GR 22

Frame 1756: Trivand-Guess S

Nucmel Trap
(Trap)

If cach player has an Extra Deck:
Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card
type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); bath
players reveal their Extra Deck, and
the player who has more cards of
the deciared card type gains 3000
Life Points,


Frame 1757: Gi) 591

as Bs G22

Tri-and-Guess

Novant Tras

(Trap) (Alou io obtain) How to Obtain
If each player has an Extra Deck:

Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card

type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both

players reveal their Extra Deck, and

the player who has more cards of I
the declared card type gains 3000

Life Points, a FF
Can Dismantie a | * =
ES Cannot Dismantia


Frame 1758: iy set

rs se Gee

ed * == 4p
=
If each player has an Extra Deck:

Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card

type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both

players reveal their Extra Deck, and

the declared card type gains 3000 yoo

Life Points.

ts Cannot Disman

"Bl Generate & -30
Gener 30


Frame 1759: set

rs ss Gee

Tri-and-Guess a)
Novnal Trap
trap]

If each player has an Extra Deck:
Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card
type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both
players reveal their Extra Deck, and
the player who has more cards of

the declared card type gains 3000
Life Points.

~

& ivoio

Can Dismantle

ry
t

Cannot Disman

How to Obtain

as


Frame 1760: set

rs se Gee

‘Tri-and-Guess

Norns! Tra
[rap]

If each player has an Extra Deck:
Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card
type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both
players reveal their Extra Deck, and
the player who has more cards of
the declared card type gains 3000
Life Points.

& inno
Can Dismantle

Cannot Di

"Bt Generate
i a

jeman


Frame 1761: (ser pais | as 22

Tri-and-Guess, ia

Nora! Tra
[Trap]

If each player has an Extra Deck:
Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card
type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both
players reveal their Extra Deck, and
the player who has more cards of
the declared card type gains 3000

Life Points. _——

oe Cannot Dism

Generate # -30

ry
t


Frame 1762: iy set

By 218 G22

Ps

Tri-and-Guess,

Normal Tra
(Trap)

IF each player has an Extra Deck:
Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card
type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both
players reveal their Extra Deck, and
the player who has more cards of
the declared card type gains 3000
Life Paints.

«

How to Obtain

a i )

not Dismantie

a
as

"Bt Generate = -30
a! Genera P -3


Frame 1763: set

@e Qe He
Tri-and-Guess

Norn Tra

(Trapt =

IF each player has an Extra Deck:
Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card
type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both
players reveal their Extra Deck, and
the player who has more cards of
the declared card type gains 3000
Life Points.

i=)
co)
1

ed ‘Cannot Dismantle

"Generate = -30
i


Frame 1764: Tri-and-Guess

Morne Trap
(Trap!

IF each player has an Extra Deck:

Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card
ype (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both
layers reveal their Extra Deck, and
e player who has more cards of
he declared card type gains 3000

Life Paints.

& jroo
eum (ES -1 |
Can Dismantle 0 i

"7 Gaysrate | -30


Frame 1765: (ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 1766: (ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1767: Trickstar Reincarnation

Nucl Trap
[Trap]

Banish your opponent's entire hand,
and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards,

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar"
monster in your GY; Special
Summon jt.

==

CR)
commen (E27 )

Gene

i/aro


Frame 1768: 591

as Bs Ghee

Trickstar Reincarnation 2

Nuria Tras
(Trap)

Banish your opponent's entire hand,
and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 “Trickstar*
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it.

1 = rf A
J 4
Fr Ht

| 1

ei = =

& ntle = +10

a


Frame 1769: i set

Qu Se Bx
[Trap]

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

Dismantie Gf +10

mg

at


Frame 1770: iy set

ae Qe ee
[Trap]

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

Dismantie {fy +10

mg

at


Frame 1771: iy set

@e Qe He
(Trap)

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it.

Dismantie {fy +10

Wa Ge

ae


Frame 1772: iy set

@e Qe he
Trickstar Reincarnation = a

= )
Norval Trap
(Trap] a

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it.

a |

A i

& iso

Can Dismantle

4% Dismantie §~— Gy +10

Wa Ge


Frame 1773: iy set

ce: ee IE
‘Trickstar Reincarnation © ——
trap] =a |

Banish your opponent's entire hand,
and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar"
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

a |

& iio

Can Dismantle

4S Dismantie §~— Gy +10

Wa Ge


Frame 1774: iy set

IE

Trickstar Reincarnation =

(Trapt

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it.

{A How to obtain

4% Dismantie §~— fy +10


Frame 1775: iy set

ce: eC IE

Trickstar Reincarnation

(Trapt

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it.

4% Dismantie fy +10
(i Generate ® -30


Frame 1776: iy set

ce: IE

Trickstar Reincarnation

(Trapl

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards,

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar"
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

Ca


Frame 1777: (ser pais as 22

Trickstar Reincarnation

Trap

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it.

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

|

1

& jroo

Can Dismantle

al
+410

® -30


Frame 1778: i set

ce: Ce IE

Trickstar Reincarnation

(Trapl

Banish your opponent's entire hand,

and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards,

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar"
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

=)
j=
1
al

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle +10

ge


Frame 1779: (set ets se | 22

Trickstar Reincarnation

(Trapl

"
woe
BO +1 >

= ( A)
\
Banish your opponent's entire hand, |
and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”

monster in your GY; Special 2 jroo

Summon it.

Can Dismantle

&  Dism:


Frame 1780: i set

ce: eC Ed

Trickstar Reincarnation ©

(Trapl

Banish your opponent's entire hand,
and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1. "Trickstar"
monster in your GY; Special
Summon it

=
al

& jroo

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle +10
ts i 30

“Bt Generate


Frame 1781: set eis se |= 22

Trickstar Reincarnation

(Trapl

"
acoal
BO +1 »

= ( A)
i
Banish your opponent's entire hand, |
and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar”

monster in your GY; Special 2 iso

Summon it.

Can Dismantle

&  Dism:


Frame 1782: (se pais ss 22

Trickstar Reincarnation

y

(Trapl

Banish your opponent's entire hand,
and if you do, they draw the same
number of cards.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 "Trickstar"

monster in your GY; Special 2 jroo

Summon it.
Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle +10

“Bt Generate © -30


Frame 1783: Trickstar Reincarnation, e
Marval Trae

(raph —
Banish your opponent's entire hand,
and If you do, they draw the same
number of cards,

‘gu can banish this card from your

then target 1 "Trickstas”

monster in your GY; Special
Summon it


Frame 1784: set eis | se

GR 22

Frame 1785: ser ais | se

GR 22

Frame 1786: The Revived Sky God

Nun

Tre

(Trap]

The activation of this card. of Its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summen 1 "Slifer the Sky
Dragon" from your GY, then each
player draws until they have 6 cards
In their hand

You can banish this card from your
GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn" from
your Deck or GY on top of your
Deck, then, if @ Divine—Beast
monster is in your GY, draw 1 card.

You can only use each effect of

(Aa ow to onian

& toro
ane)

“ Dismantle ~— th +10

Generale ®


Frame 1787: i) 501

as Bs G22

The Revived Sky God ©

Novant Tras

(Trap)

The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated.

Special Summon 1 "Slifer the Sky
Dragon" from your GY, then each
player draws until they have 6 cards
in their hand.

You can banish this card from your
GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn” from
your Deck or GY on top of your
Deck, then, if a Divine—Beast
monster Is in your GY, draw 1 card.

You can only use each effect of

1

iL 1
Can Dismantie mo )


Frame 1788: Qe Has Bs da
a | SD
Narnia Tray

—_
The activation of this card, or its

effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summon 1 "Slifer the Sky 1

player draws until they have G cards ge joo

in their hand a ( 4

You can banish this card from your ‘Sat Dismantle _4 | _

GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn” from
Deck, then, if a Divine—Beast
monster is In your GY, draw 1 card. ay

You can only use each effect of “


Frame 1789: iy set

rs se Gee

ent * == 4p
Narnia Tray

The activation of this card, or its

effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summon 1 "Slifer the Sky 1

player draws until they have G cards ge Toro

In their hand 5 ( 4

You can banish this card from your Sat Dismantle 4 | _

GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn” from
Deck, then, if a Divine—Beast
monster is in your GY, draw 1 card. ay

You can only use each effect of a


Frame 1790: iy set

rs ss Gee

nt * == 4p
Narnia Tray

The activation of this card, or its

effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated,

Special Summon 1 "Slifer the Sky 1

player draws until they have G cards ge jroo

In their hand m ( 4

You can banish this card from your ‘SeeDismantle 4

GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn” from
Deck, then, if a Divine—Beast
monster is in your GY, draw 1 card. ay

You can only use each effect of a


Frame 1791: i set

Qu Se Ge

The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
its effects be negated.

Special Summon 1 "Slifer the Sky
Dragon" from your GY, then each
player draws until they have 6 cards
in their hand

You can banish this card from your
GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn” from
your Deck or GY on top of your
Deck, then, if a Divine—Beast
monster Is in your GY, draw 1 card.

You can only use each effect of

|
1

& jroo

Can Dismantle et )

® -30

Wt Generale


Frame 1792: (set ets «se | 22

‘The Revived Sky God

me

Norval Trap
{Trap}

The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can

|
its effects be negated. 7
< Special Summon 1 "Slifer the Sky fq

player draws until they have 6 cards g jroo
5

 <_/

jn their hand.

You can banish this card from your a

GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn” from

your Deck or GY on top of your R Dismantie §=— ff) +10
Deck, then, if a Divine—-Beast

monster is In your GY, draw 1 card. uy
You can only use each effect of :


Frame 1793: The Revive! Sky God 2

Norwuel Trap
(Trapl ——
The activation of this card, or its
effects, cannot be negated, nor can
ils effects be negated,

pecial Summen 1 "Slifer the Sky

agen" from your GY, then each
player draws until they have 6 cards
in their hand,
You can banish this card from your
GY; place 1 "Monster Reborn" from
your Deck or GY on top of your
Deck, then, if a Divine—Beast
monster is in your GY, draw 1 card.
You can only use each effect of

&
Can Disieai Ey
& Dismantie = +10

" Gunerate

\


Frame 1794: (ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 1795: (ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 1796: Tiana 7

Nurmal Tregp

[rap]

Target 1 "Visas Starfrost" in your
Monster Zone and 1 Effect Monster
your upponent controls; negate that
‘opponent's monster's effects, and if
you do, your targeted monster gains
ATK equal to half the original ATK
or DEF of that monster (whichever
is higher).

You can banish this card from your
GY; add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions
"Visas Starfrost" from your Deck to
your hand, except “Trivikarma"

You can only use 1 “Trivikarma’


Frame 1797: i) 591

as Bs Ghee

Trivikarma

Norval Trap
{Trap]

Target 1 "Visas Starfrost" in your
Monster Zone and 1 Effect Monster
your opponent controls; negate that
opponent's monster's effects, and if
you do, your targeted monster gains
ATK equal to half the original ATK
or DEF of that monster (whichever
is higher).

You can banish this card from your
GY; add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions
"Visas Starfrost" from your Deck to
your hand, except "Trivikarma”

Y

can only use 1 "Trivikarm:


Frame 1798: set

rs ss Gee

Trivikarma

a

Norn! Tra
[Trap]

Target 1 "Visas Starfrost” in your
Monster Zone and 1 Effect Monster
your opponent controls; negate that
opponent's monster's elfects, and if
you do, your targeted monster gains

( )
|
GW Related Cards
:
o

+1
ATK equal to half the original ATK & ovis
or DEF of that monster (whichever ic my

is higher). Cen Dismantie

You can banish this card from your
GY; add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions
"Visas Starfrost" from your Deck to
your hand. except “Trivikarma”

You can only use 1 “Trivikarma”


Frame 1799: iy set

ae He we
Trivikarma 2
[Trap]

Target 1 "Visas Starfrost" in your
Monster Zone and 1 Effect Monster
your opponent controls; negate that
opponent's monster's effects, and if
you do, your targeted monster gains
ATK equal to hall the original ATK
or DEF of that monster (whichever
is higher).

You can banish this card from your
GY; add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions
"Visas Starfrost" from your Deck to
your hand. except “Trivikarma”

You can only use 1 “Trivikarma"

|
GW Related Cards


Frame 1800: i) se1

re Gs de

Trivikarma

Norval Trap
(rap)

Target 1 “Visas Starfrost" in your
Monster Zone and 1 Effect Monster
your opponent controls: negate that
opponent's monster's effects, and if
you do, your targeted monster gains
ATK equal to half the original ATK
or DEF of that monster (whichever
is higher).

You can banish this card from your
GY; add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions
"Visas Starfrost" from your Deck to
your hand, except "Trivikarma"

You can only use 1 “Trivikarma"

aA)
parr)


Frame 1801: re Gs de

Trivikarma

Norval Trap
(Trap)

Target 1 "Visas Starfrost" in your
Monster Zone and 1 Effect Monster
your apponent controls: negate that
opponent's monster's effects, and if
you do, your targeted monster gains

ATK equal to half the original ATK aa
or DEF of that monster (whichever i) (ee 9 )

is higher). Can Dismantle
You can banish this card from your
GY; add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions pjsmantle. P39

"Visas Starfrast" from your Deck to
your hand, except “Trivikarma"

: ' Generate
You can only use 1 “Trivikarma’

we


Frame 1802: Trivikarma =

Norn Tra
(Trap) a

Target 1 "Visas Starfrost" in your
Monster Zane and 1 Effect Monster
jour opponent controls; negate thal
pponent's monster's affects, and |
‘ou da, your targeted monster gains

ATK equal to half the original ATK

or DEF of that monster (whichever

\s higher)

You can banish this card from your

GY: add 1 Spell/Trap that mentions

"Visas Starfrost" {ram your Deck to

your hand except “Trivikerma".

You can only use 1 “Trivikarma"

Diemantle

Gunerate

0


Frame 1803: set (ee1s | ae

GR 22

Frame 1804: set (e21s | ae

GR 22

Frame 1805: Draco-Utopian Aura
@Cuunten- Trap
(Trap] —
When your opponent activates a
monster effect on the field: Negate
the activation, and if you do,
destroy that card. then, you can
apply the following effect.

@Banish 1 monster from your hand,
and it you do, Special Summon the
monster that was destroyed and
sent to the GY by this effect to your
field, but negate its effects

You can only activate 1 "Draco—
Utopian Aura” per turn.

L

“1
& iioio

CaaDiesontia_10


Frame 1806: sr yas Gee) hee
Draco-Utopian Aura 2 € =

When your opponent activates a

monster effect on the field: Negate:

the activation, and if you do,

destroy that card, then, you can a 1
apply the following effect.

| oa
@Banish 1 monster from your hand, ge Fear
and if you do, Special Summon the

monster that was destroyed and oDiamariie (Ba i )
sent to the GY by this effect to your
field, but negate its effects. oh
You can only activate 1 "“Draco-

| Utopian Aura” per turn. a

Cannot Disman’


Frame 1807: set

ne se Ghee

Draca-Utopian Aura

SCuuler Trap

trap]

When your opponent activates a
monster effect on the field: Negate
the activation, and if you do,
destroy that card, then, you can
apply the following effect.

@Banish 1 monster from your hand,
and if you do, Special Summon the
monster that was destroyed and
sent to the GY by this effect to your
field, but negate its effects.

You can only activate 1 "Draco—
Utopian Aura” per turn

& ivoro

Can Dismantle

a

Cannot Disinanti


Frame 1808: se

@2e Qs Ghz

Draca-Utopian Aura

SCuuler Trap

trrapl

When your opponent activates a
monster effect on the field: Negate
the activation, and if you do,
destroy that card, then, you can
apply the following effect.

@Banish 1 monster from your hand,
and if you do, Special Summon the
monster that was destroyed and
sent to the GY by this effect to your
field, but negate its effects.

You can only activate 1 “Braco—
Utopian Aura” per turn

ry

Cannot Disinantt


Frame 1809: set

Qe Gs Ge

Draca-Utopian Aura

SCuuler Trap

trrapl

When your opponent activates a
monster effect on the field: Negate
the activation, and if you do,
destroy that card, then, you can
apply the following effect.

@Banish 1 monster from your hand,
and if you do, Special Summon the
monster that was destroyed and
sent to the GY by this effect to your
field, but negate its effects.

You can only activate 1 “Braco—
Utopian Aura” per turn

& ivaro

Can Dismantle

rl

Cannot Disinanil


Frame 1810: 2s Gs Ge

Draco-Utopian Aura
SCownter Try

[rap]

When your opponent activates a
monster effect on the field: Negate
the activation, and if you do,
destroy that card, then, you can
apply the following effect.

Banish 1 monster from your hand,
and if you do, Special Summon the
monster that was destroyed and
sent to the GY by this effect to your
field, but negate its effects.

You can only activate 1 "Draco—
Utopian Aura" per turn

& js010

CanDismantie 0 | **

3
g
a\\&
2

‘BI Generate ® -30


Frame 1811: Draco-Utapian Aura = = ee)
BCuatar Tray

Crap] aa 3 Ai iow to obtain
When your opponent activates a

monster effect on the fiaid: Negate
@ activalion, and if you do, <
jestroy that card, then, you can
ply the following effect,
@Banish 1 monster from your hand,
and if you do, Special Summon the
monster that was destroyed and
sent to the GY by this effect to your
field, but negate its effects
‘| You can only activate 1 "Draco—

Utopian Aura" per turn. ® Gamerate

30


Frame 1812: set

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 1813: set

2s = ae

GR 22

Frame 1814: (ron Thunder 2

Count Trap
(rap —

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same colump the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.


Frame 1815: set Byars Bae ee

Iran Thunder =

@Cuunter Trap

(Trapl

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay

Al How to ovtain

half your LP; negate the activation, ibs

and if you do, destroy that card, 1

then destroy any other cards in the Bo +
same column the destroyed card im

was in, that are in the Monster one ey 1
Zones or Spell & [rap Zones. CanDismantie )

AZ Dismantle = +10


Frame 1816: yee se Gee

Iron Thunder
Souter Tr
[Trap]
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field; Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.

& isoio

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle

UB


Frame 1817: re se dee

Iron Thunder
Bouter Troy

[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field; Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.

Ga:BD
| (dA How to obtain

a
1

& jvoio

= Ce

= Dismantle +10

UB


Frame 1818: yrs se Gee

Iron Thunder
BCowiver Troy

[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field; Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.

GD
(tow obtain
a

—— = )

-®  Dismantle +10

UB


Frame 1819: re se Gee

Iron Thunder
SCouriter Trap
[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.

& isoio

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle


Frame 1820: re se Ghee

fron Thunder
BCourter Tray

(Trap

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.

= aD

i (A ow to obtain
5

1

oo

Can == = EJ )

-®  Dismantle +10

a


Frame 1821: yee se Gee

ron Thunder

S Counter Trop
(rapl

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.


Frame 1822: ee Gese G22

won Thunder

Counter Trp
[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.


Frame 1823: yee ese 8 G22

won Thunder

Counter Trp
[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.


Frame 1824: i) set

(B21

@se tee

tron Thunder =

SCounter Tray
(Trapt

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.


Frame 1825: yee dese 8 G22

won Thunder ca

@ Counter Trap
[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones

& jsoi0

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle


Frame 1826: yee dese 8 az

won Thunder

@ Counter Trap
[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones

p) enon)
oo i aD
=a

4 Dismantie +10
1 General > -30


Frame 1827: yee dese G22

won Thunder

@ Counter Trap
[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones

Es
a aD
=

4 Dismantie +10
1 General > -30


Frame 1828: ee dese Gee

won Thunder

@ Counter Trap
[Trap]

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones

4 Dismantie +10
nerat > -30

Wa gy,


Frame 1829: yee ese a2

won Thunder

@ Counter Trap
(Trapt -

When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the field: Pay
half your LP; negate the activation,
and if you do, destroy that card,
then destroy any other cards in the
same column the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones

a

& isoi0

Can Dismantle

-%  Dismantie


Frame 1830: BCumter Try

(Ure)
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster
effect, is activated on the ield: Pay
al? your LP; negate the activation,
nd if you do, destroy that card,
<: destroy any other cards in the
same columm the destroyed card
was in, that are in the Monster
Zones or Spell & Trap Zones.

tron Thunder 2

Cm)
(iow 0 ont

=
—
a

& iro/0
CanDismantte 1 (ES

Diemantie a


Frame 1831: i) set

2s se

GR 22

Frame 1832: i) set

2s Gas

22

Frame 1833: Rebirth Judgment 7 #8

@eoninanes Tray
[Trap]

Once per turn: You can declare 1
Manster Type; monsters in the GYs
become that Type for the rest of
this turn (even if this card leaves
the fleid).


Frame 1834: 501

as Qs G2

Rebirth Judgment =, = Cn)
‘@coethnurnes Trap | a
(rapt =

Once per turn: You can declare 1
Monster Type: monsters in the GYs
become that Type for the rest of
this turn (even if this card leaves iL 1
the field), —=_

Be +

& jvoio
Cotbmwin 0 (7 -' )

Cannot £

eg
t


Frame 1835: yee ese 8 Ghee

Rebirth Judgment eS

Beovtinew Toop

(Trap]

Once per turn: You can declare 1
Monster Type; monsters in the G¥s
become that Type for the rest of
this turn (even if this card leaves
the field),

& jvoio

Can Dismantie

no}

a

Ch)
:
qo-1

fi
gE

Dismanti


Frame 1836: yee ese = ae

Rebirth Judgment

®eovtinnn Toop

(Trap]

Once per turn; You can declare 1
Monster Type; monsters in the G¥s
become that Type for the rest of
this turn (even if this card leaves
the field),

] 7

Cannot Dismanti

& i)

CanDismantie 0

a


Frame 1837: yee dese Gaz

Rebirth Judgment

Grint Tp
Trap]

Once per turn; You can declare 1
Monster Type; monsters in the G¥s
become that Type for the rest of
this turn (even if this card leaves
the field),

& ivoio
CanDismantie 0 | **

ey

Cannot Dismanti

"BI Generate >


Frame 1838: yee dese 8 ae

Rebirth Judgment =
eosin Trop
[rap]

Once per turn; You can declare 1
Monster Type; monsters in the G¥s
become that Type for the rest of
this turn (even if this card leaves
the field),

Ca)

S| =

a
BO +t
& ivoio

i= Caz

Cannot Dismantle

a
t


Frame 1839: yee ese 8 Ghee

Rebirth Judgment e

Grove Toop

1

{Trap]

Once per turn: You can declare 1
Monster Type; monsters in the GYs
become that Type for the rest of
this turn (even if this card leaves
the field),

Ch)
‘
a a |


Frame 1840: Rebirth Judgment

Qos

(rap] =

Once per turn: You can declare 1
Monster Type; monsters in the GYs
come that Type for the rest of

turn (even if this card leaves
ie field),

o
— Bo +!

& jvo/o

Condiments (FS 1)


Frame 1841: i) set

2s se

RD 22

Frame 1842: i) set

2s ae

22

Frame 1843: @2s00 ©2300

(Dragon/Normall
4 mystical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames,

Ca)

a

Bo +
Pd oviso
Can Dismantie 0 (EY )
ca Cannot Di:


Frame 1844: ss pets Boe ee
——— C

a7 © @2s00 $2300

a + a)
I fe
{Dragon/Norriall |
A mystical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames, 5
iL 1
a 1

ovis

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 1845: (Baie

@se ie

|

®zs00 62300

:

ical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames.

=n)

Ci Rola

1

CanDismanti= 0

(= )


Frame 1846: ee dese 8 ae

aan

®zs00 $2300

:

ical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames.

=e Cn)

Ci Rola

1

CanDismantie 0


Frame 1847: yee dese G22

e7 Gg ®zs00 62300

{Dragon/Normall
A mystical dragon that burns away

the unworthy with its mystic flames.

1
:

Ci Rojan
1

Cannot Dismantic


Frame 1848: yee dese = G22

a7 Gg ®z2500 62300 Cm)
{Dragon/Nornall
A mystical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames. corte

:

CanDismantie 0 (ES -1

Cannot Dismantic

"BI Generate


Frame 1849: yee dese ae

a7 G ®2500 62300 Cm)
{ragon/Narnall
A mystical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames. corte

:

CanDismantle 0 (ES -!

Cannot Dismantic

"BI Generate


Frame 1850: yee dese 8 ize
—

eG @zs00 2300
(Dragon/Normall

‘A mystical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames.


Frame 1851: yee dese 8 ae

eG ®z500 2300
{Dragon/Normall
A mystical dragon that burns away
the unworthy with its mystic flames.

& ovi/o

CanDismantie 0

Ca)
as -1

oa) Cannot Dismantle


Frame 1852: a! aa
e7 ¢ @2s00 23500

(oragowNorra____ (Cra
A mystical dragon that burns away

the unworthy with |ts mystic flames,

<

Apo 0 00101)


Frame 1853: i) set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1854: Tot ae |

Ss +5. 1000 @zand
[Pendulary ENOCH me —=
You carnal Spebial Sump mart
monsters, except “Ol)"" monsters
Thiselfect.cannpbbe negated,

J Once pet lum: You cat pal BO0

| icf lS dma
Bunting in Replica Mode.
Av error has ocourred while on
executing C:\sophia\zelta.cxé
Unkriown publisher

Allew € \ierra\giiphartexe 2
Y/N. [Y)


Frame 1855: Qliphort Scout ne)

@s +5 # 1000 ©2800

(Pendulum Esc fl How to obtain
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except "Q'" monsters,
This effect cannot be negated.
Once per turn: You can pay 800

: A Eo +1
‘hachine Ponda Normal! gy ior

Booting in Replica Mode... > ni
An error has occurred while Sen Blementie 1
execuling C:\sophia\zelra.exe
Unknown publisher. AF Dismantie a +10
Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe 7

<V/N>...[Y] WP Generate = -30

is

Related Cards

:


Frame 1856: ser pets Boe ae

Qliphort Scout

@5 45 6

[Pendulum Effect] a
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except "Qii" monsters.

This effect cannot be negated,

<q Once per turn: You can pay 800 iL 1
LP;_add 1. “Oli” card from vou!
[Machine/Pondulum/Norinall Sms a ivoio

Booting In Replica Mode... a Go

An error has occurred while
executing C:\sophia\zefra.exe

Unknown publisher

Allow C:\tierra\gliphort.exe ?
<Y/N>...[¥] Generate =

B+

“ Dismantle = @ +10

1
8


Frame 1857: yee dese | ae

‘Aliphort Scout my

@5 45 & ®.o00 2800
[Pendulum fect]

You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except "Qli" monsters.

This effect cannot be negated,

Once per turn: You can pay 800

LP; add 1 “Oli I.

this pancuu/Alotaal tem
Booting in Replica Mode.

An error has occurred while
executing C:\sophia\zelra.exe
Unknown publisher.

Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe ?
&Y/N>...[¥]

=)
1
e3 jyoio
a


Frame 1858: yee dese | G22

‘Aliphort Scout — 2

@5 45 & ®.o00 2800
[Pendulum fect]

You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except "Qli" monsters.

This effect cannot be negated,

Once per turn: You can pay 800

LP; add 1 “Oli I.
ihischnePancuum/Alotaal ttm
Booting in Replica Mode.

An error has occurred while
executing C:\sophia\zelra.exe
Unknown publisher.

Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe ?
&Y/N>...[¥]

=)
1
P3 jyoio
Ce


Frame 1859: yee dese | G22

‘Aliphort Scout 2)

@5 45 & ®.o00 2800
[Pendulum fect]

You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except "Qli" monsters.

This effect cannot be negated,

Once per turn: You can pay 800

LP; add 1 “Oli I.

this Pancuum/lotaal tt
Booting in Replica Mode.

An error has occurred while
executing C:\sophia\zelra.exe
Unknown publisher.

Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe ?
&Y/N>...[¥]

=)
1
e3 jyoio
Ce


Frame 1860: yee dese Gee

Qliphort Scout wee] =

@5 45 & ®1000 2800

[Pendulum Effect] |
You cannot Special Summon

monsters, except "Qli" monsters.

This effect cannot be negated,

Once per turn: You can pay 800 1
LP; SOLENT eve |
iMachine/Pondulum/Norma & 00
Booting in Replica Mode

An error has occurred while
executing C:\sophialzefra.exe
Unknown publisher. AF Dismantle i +10

Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe ?
<Y/N>... LY] ‘Bl Generale «= -30

CanDismantle 1


Frame 1861: yee dese = ie

Qliphort Scout 7s

@5 45 & ®1000 2800
[Pendulum Effect]
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except "Qli" monsters.

This effect cannot be negated,

Once per turn: You can pay 800

LP; OMEN eve |
iMachine/Penduluim/Norma & an
Booting in Replica Mode

An error has occurred while
executing C:\sophialzelra.exe
Unknown publisher. AF Dismantle a +10

Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe ?
<Y/N>... LY] ‘Bl Generale «= -30

Can Dismantle


Frame 1862: Qliphort Scout ms

@5s +5 6 @1000 2800
Cr
You cannot Special Summon
monsters, except "Qli" monsters.
This effect cannol be negated,

ince per lum; You can pay 800

P: add 1 "Olin

ach

Boating In Replica Mode.,
An error has occurred while
executing C:\sophia\zelra.exe
Unknown publisher.

Allow CAtierra\gliphort.exe ?
<V/ND...1V1

Can Dismantle

4y Dismantle = @ +10

I

Generate 8 -30


Frame 1863: i) set

2s se

GR 22

Frame 1864: Dark Guardian
#120 @3a00 san

(Warrlor/&tfect) =e
(This card is always treated as al
“Gate Guardian" card.)

CanfiOl be Notmal Sump oned/Sel-

( Hlice © Ounin }

( Ca raineacarae |
| Saar

Mus! be either Special Suminoned fea
by “Dark Element", of Special, = (e+
Summoned (from your handror GY) g a
by shuttling into the Deck. 1 2 ——_—— Co |
of your "Sanga of the Thundar®,  eeeanDismantia 2° “4

“Kaze)in® and "Suijn’ that ia im fw )
your hand, face-up fleld, GY. and/or —_Dismantie +10
banished. re 2 é
Cannot be destroyed by hatte. ais @inarat” =
ifthls card ts Special Summoned by?


Frame 1865: Dark Guardian

_

e120 ®3800 ©3800

[Warrlor/EHectT IN
(This card is always treated as a
"Gate Guardian" card.)

Cannot be Normal Summened/Set.
Must be either Special Summoned
by “Dark Element", or Special
Summaned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
of your "Sanga of the Thunder’,
"Kazejin", and "Sujin” that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY. and/or
banished.
Cannot be destroyed by battle.

Hf thls card Is Special Summoned by

|

@ =}

Ul
a 3i0/0

Can Dismantle 2


Frame 1866: se

Ge Be we

e128 @3e800 ®3800

[Wartlor/Effect] ee |
(This card is always treated as a
“Gate Guardian" card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be either Special Summoned
by "Dark Element", or Special
Summoned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
of your "Sanga of the Thunder",
"Kazejin®, and "Suljin” that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY, and/or
banished.

Cannot be destroyed by battle.

If this card Is Special Summoned by

& 2/0/0
== CD)
ad i)

tl Generate «= -30

Dismantic +10


Frame 1867: i) set

yee se Gee
DarkGuadian
2128 ®3e00 @3500

(Wartlor/Etectl___ EN
(This card is always treated as a
"Gate Guardian" card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be either Special Summoned
by “Dark Element", or Special
Summoned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
Thunder",

" that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY, and/or
banished.

Cannot be destroyed by battle.

If this card is Special Summoned by


Frame 1868: isa

yee dese ae
Dark Guardian
2128 ®3e00 @3500

(Warrlor/tfect]
(This card is always treated as a
"Gate Guardian" card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be either Special Summoned
by “Dark Element", or Special
Summoned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
Thunder",

" that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY, and/or
banished.

Cannot be destroyed by battle.

If this card is Special Summoned by


Frame 1869: iso

yee dese | hae
Dark Guardian
2128 ®3e00 @3500

(Warrlor/etfect]_
(This card is always treated as a
"Gate Guardian" card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be either Special Summoned
by “Dark Element", or Special
Summoned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
Thunder",

" that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY, and/or
banished.

Cannot be destroyed by battle.

If this card is Special Summoned by


Frame 1870: sot

ee dese hee
Dark Guardian
2128 ®3e00 @3500

(Warrlor/etfect]
(This card is always treated as a
"Gate Guardian" card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be either Special Summoned
by “Dark Element", or Special
Summoned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
Thunder",

" that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY, and/or
banished.

Cannot be destroyed by battle.

If this card is Special Summoned by

Can Dismantle


Frame 1871: i) set

yee Gese ae
Dark Guardian
2128 ®3e00 @3500

(Warrlor/ttect]
(This card is always treated as a
"Gate Guardian" card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be either Special Summoned
by “Dark Element", or Special
Summoned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
Thunder",

" that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY, and/or
banished.

Cannot be destroyed by battle.

If this card is Special Summoned by


Frame 1872: Dark Guardian  &

@120 @3e00 @3800

Wariorfeftet)

(This card is always treated as a
"Gate Guardian” card.)
not be Normal Summoned/Set.
ust be either Special Summoned
yy "Dark Element", or Special
Summoned (from your hand or GY)
by shuffling into the Deck, 1 each
"Sanga of the Thunder’,
and “Suijin” that is in
your hand, face-up field, GY, and/or
banished.
Cannot be destroyed by battle.
IF this card Is Special Summoned by

{A iow to Obtain
& 2/0/0
at (O41
Dismantie 2 }


Frame 1873: i) set

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 1874: Cannot be Normal Summonod/Set
Must be Special Summoned {Irur
your fanweby sering 3 (ace-u
Traps you contre! to the GY
This.card gaits JOUOATK for each
Continuous Trap | your GY!

Ghee per turn: You can target bSet
Spel/Trap your opponent controls; |
destroy that target. Neither player
can activate SnallTrap Cats
Fespatise 10 this effect’s actWation


Frame 1875: @iue éo0 ©o0
[Pyrofettect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from,
your hand) by sending 3 face-up
Traps you control to the GY.

This card gains 1000 ATK for each
Continuous Trap in your GY.

‘Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent controls;
destroy that target. Neither piayer
can activate Spell/Trap Cards in
respanse to this effect's activation

(A vou to obtain

g
Fs


Frame 1876: se

as ss hee

(a Lord of ming FS

gine so ©0
|
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Musl be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by sending 3 face-up
Traps you control to the GY.

This card gains 1000 ATK for each
Continuous Trap in your GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent controls:
destroy that target. Neither player
can activate Spell/Trap Cards in
response to this effect's activation.

Ga:BD
|
WB Related Cards
|
isova

i

Le

@ +10

Ml Generate = -30

Can Dismantie 1

“SS Dismantie


Frame 1877: i) set

yee dese | ae
Usia, Lord of Seating Flames) aD
gine eo ®o

(yro/ete)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by sending 3 face-up
Traps you control to the GY.

This card gains 1000 ATK for each
Continuous Trap in your GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent contrals;
destroy that target. Neither player
can activate Spell/Trap Cards in
response to this effect's activation.

1
& jvoio
Can Dismantle )

=f


Frame 1878: i) set

yee dese | he
Usia, Lord of Searing Flames eb
gine ®o ®o

Cr |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by sending 3 face-up
Traps you control to the GY.

This card gains 1000 ATK for each
Continuous Trap in your GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent contrals;
destroy that target. Neither player
can activate Spell/Trap Cards in
response to this effect's activation.

1
& jvoi0

Can Dismantle
“4% Dismantie =P +10

=f


Frame 1879: i) set

yee dese | ae

Usia, Lord of Seating — aD
gine

|

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by sending 3 face-up
Traps you control to the GY.

This card gains 1000 ATK for each
Continuous Trap in your GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent contrals;
destroy that target. Neither player
can activate Spell/Trap Cards in
response to this effect's activation.


Frame 1880: yee dese | ae

Usia, Lord of Searing Flames a)
aie eo 80

(eyoetset as

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by sending 3 face-up
Traps you control to the GY.

This card gains 1000 ATK for each
Continuous Trap in your GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent contrals;
destroy that target. Neither player
can activate Spell/Trap Cards in
response to this effect's activation.

& ivoio


Frame 1881: yee dese | G22

me

oe oreo Cm)
(Pyrofeftect] |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by sending 3 face-up
Traps you control to the GY.

This card gains 1000 ATK for each
Continuous Trap in your GY,

Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent contrals;
destroy that target, Neither player
can activate Spell/Trap Cards in
response to this effect's activation.

<=)
1
= 7 Ci


Frame 1882: rete |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Spacial Summoned (from
our hand) by sending 3 face-up
<~ you control to the GY.
his card gains 1000 ATK for each

Continuous Trap in your GY.

Once per turn: You can target 1 Set
Spell/Trap your opponent controls; =
destroy that target. Neither player

response to this effect’s activation.

conpimamis 1 (ES -'  }


Frame 1883: i) set

2s se

Rp 22

Frame 1884: @10 an00 ace
(Fhomitéttoct] 5
Cannot he Normal Sammanad/Set
Must be Specia) Summoned (fig
your fend) by Tributingr 3 Frere
iionsters.

Each time your oprofient Nacnal
‘Summons a monster; Special 6
Summon V "Phantasy Loken’ |,
(Fishy DARKZL= vel AZATK

1000/DEF 1000), but it cannes 2
| declare an attack,

| Onee pep turn; Yau can Trittite |

monster, this café gai\s ATK eq)
(o the Tributed monsters ojigina)

Frame 1885: ewe @4o00 ®a000

(Flondfettectl_—__ nn
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must be Special Summoned (trom
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special
Summon 1 *Phantasm Token"
(Flenc/DARK/Level 1/ATK
1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot
declare an attack.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
monster; this catd gains ATK equal
to the Tributed monster's original

Cn)


Frame 1886: se

as ss Gee

Raviel, Lord of Phantasms we

@uwy anon ano

IFleng/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special
Summon 1 "Phantasm Token"
(Flend/DARK/Level 1/ATK
1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot
declare an attack

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
monster; this card gains ATK equal
to the Tributed monster's ariginal

Ai vtow to ovtain

—
|
1

| oe
x inna
Guomameeey (Ee? -! }

a @ +10
Wl Generate = -30

Dismantie


Frame 1887: i) set

yee dese | ihe

Raviel,Loitiof Phantasms C

@uy anno %ag00 | )
(Fiend/etfect) =e ( Ai How to Ovtain

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special
Summon 1 "Phantasm Token"
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK
1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot
declare an attack

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
monster; this card gains ATK equal
the Tributed monster's original

1
(m= +)
& iio
a

Can Dismantle


Frame 1888: set

yee dese G22

eine @anoo ®ao00

(Fieng/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special
Summon 1 "Phantasm Token"
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK
1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot
declare an attack

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
monster; this card gains ATK equal
to the Tributed monster's original

Cm)

&


Frame 1889: i) set

yee ese 8 Gee

Raviel,Loitiof Phantasms A

@iuy @anoo ®ao00

(Fieng/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special
Summon 1 "Phantasm Token"
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK
1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot
declare an attack.

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
monster; this card gains ATK equal
to the Tributed monster's original

( 2


Frame 1890: yee dese | ae
Raviel, Lord of Phantasms

gine ®anoo #000 |

(Fiend/etfect)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special & jroo

Summon 1 "Phantasm Token" ( 4
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK ee OY

1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot

declare an attack. ‘ Dismantie +10

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1

monster; this card gains ATK equal
he Tributed monster's original ceil


Frame 1891: yee dese Gee
Raviel, Lord of Phantasms F

gine ®anoo #000

(Fend/ettect]____
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special
Summon 1 "Phantasm Token"
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK

1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot

declare an attack. * Dismantle +10

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1

monster; this card gains ATK equal
he Tributed monster's original ei a

Ca)

+


Frame 1892: yee dese ae

@ue ®annp ®a000
(Fiend/ettect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from

your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster: Special & jvolo

Summon 1 "Phantasm Token" ( 4
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK Heel NY

1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot

declare an attack. * Dismantle +10

Once per turn: You can Tribute 1

monster; this card gains ATK equal
he Tributed monster's original coi a

Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ' =
1


Frame 1893: yee dese ze
Raviel, Lord of Phantasms —_ |
|

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
monsters.

Each time your opponent Normal

Summons a monster: Special & Toro

Summon 1 "Phantasm Token" ey 1
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK CanDismante 41 (5%
1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot

declare an attack. 4 Dismantle §=—@® +10
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1

monster; this card gains ATK equal cy

he Tri

ited monster's original


Frame 1894: S|

@ine ®aco0 S000

(Flend/éttect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
our hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend
jonstars.
ach time your opponent Normal
Summons a monster; Special
Summon 1 “Phantasm Token"
(Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK
1000/DEF 1000), but it cannot
declare an attack,
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1
monster; this card gains ATK equal
to the Tributed monster's ariginal

aD


Frame 1895: i) set

2s se

GR 22

Frame 1896: i) set

2s ae

Rp 22

Frame 1897: @uy @3000 ©3000

IFendettecth
Cannot be Special Summoned,
except by ils own effect.

After this face-up card on the field

is destroyed and sent to the
Graveyard, during the Standby
Phase of the next turn: You can
discard 1 card; Special Summon
this card from the Graveyard

= (AA How to obtain

===
Can Dismantle ne 9)

Cannot Dis


Frame 1898: ser pets Boe ae
The SupremacySun Ch)

a

@iny 3000 ®3000
(rlencvettect]

Cannot be Special Summoned,
except by its own effect.

After this face-up card on the field
< is destroyed and sent to the 1
Graveyard, during the Standby
Phase of the next turn: You can & volo
discard 1 card; Special Summon
this card from the Graveyard. Can Diamante “0


Frame 1899: i) set

yee ese | ae

The Supremacy Sun ee]

@iny ®sno0 @3000
(Fiend/éffect)
Cannot be Special Summoned,

except by its own effect.

After this face-up card on the field
destroyed and sent to the
Graveyard, during the Standby

Phase of the next turn: You can
discard 1 card; Special Summon

this card from the Graveyard.

1
& ivoio
o

a
B+


Frame 1900: i) set

yee dese 8 G22

The Supremacy Sun 8

@iny ®sno0 3000
(Fiend/éffect)____
Cannot be Special Summoned,

except by its own effect.

After this face-up card on the field
destroyed and sent to the
Graveyard, during the Standby

Phase of the next turn: You can
discard 1 card; Special Summon

this card from the Graveyard.

How to Obtain

a
1
Bo 1
& isola
c=
a Cannot D He


Frame 1901: i) set

yee dese | ae

@i0y ®s000 @3000

(rieng/ettect)
Cannot be Special Summoned,

except by its own effect.

After this face-up card on the field
destroyed and sent to the
Graveyard, during the Standby

Phase of the next turn: You can
discard 1 card; Special Summon

this card from the Graveyard.

CanDismantle 0

C=”

Cannot D


Frame 1902: i) set

yee dese aa

The Supremacy Sun ee |

@iny ®s000 @3000

(Fieng/ettect]

Cannot be Special Summoned,
except by its own effect.

After this face-up card on the field
is destroyed and sent to the
Graveyard, during the Standby
Phase of the next turn: You can
discard 1 card; Special Summon
this card from the Graveyard.

Can Dismantle

as Cannot Di

Mel Generate


Frame 1903: The Supremacy Sun —_

@io9 ®s000 #3000

(endeteety
Cannot be Special Summoned,
except by its own effect,
ler this face-up card on the field
is destroyed and sent to the
raveyard, during the Standby
Phase of the next turn: You can
discard 1 card; Special Summon
this card from the Graveyard.

& jroo
Can Dismanile 0

mo

+1


Frame 1904: i) set

2s se

GR 22

Frame 1905: Deap-Fyes White Dragan
@10 eo

{DragaryEtfocth “
When 2 face-up "Blue—Es
monstey(s) you contol is deslyquetd
by battc onan opponen! s card
effect, arid you trave a Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summen Unis card from your
hand, 2nd jFyou do, inflict GOO
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon-Type monster with, different

| namesiin your Graveyaro

Wf this card is Normal ar Speefal
Summoned: Target’ |. Oragan=Type
monster in you Graveyard; this.

mroredie TK Weenrrne mi ml tak atest


Frame 1906: @uwe @o @o
[Dragov/efecy

When a face-up "Blue—Eyes"
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or an opponent's card
eifect. and you have a Dragon-Type
monster jn your Graveyard; You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict 600
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon-Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard

Wf this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragan-Type
monster in your Graveyard; this

pard'= NTC harman anuial tn that

Can Dismantle


Frame 1907: ®iue Cn) |
(Dragon/etfect

When a face-up "Blue-Eyes”
monster(s) you contro] is destroyed
by baltle or an opponent's card

affect, and you have a Dragon-Type

B+
my “1

1

monster in your Graveyard: You can ——-

Special Summon this card from your via

hand, and if you do, inflict 600 c4 _ tu (i )
damage to your opponent for each Can Dismantle __0 | ¥

Dragon-Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard; this Generate

sional te WE Geebeteeee oats Ser sae

( )


Frame 1908: i) set

yee dese aha

eu en
(os _—_—

When a face-up "Blue—Eyes"
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or an opponent's card
eifect, and you have a Dragon-Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict 600
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon—Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type

monster in your Graveyard; this
sare ATI Vanewreetnie retreat

— dil How to obtain
& ino ——

CanDismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1909: i) set

yee ese ae

eu en
SS

When a face-up "Blue—Eyes"
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or an opponent's card
eifect, and you have a Dragon-Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict 600
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon—Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type

monster in your Graveyard; this
sare ATI Vasewreetnierartrel bet thot

—— dil How to obtain
& ino —_

CanDismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1910: i) set

yee dese | ihe

Tony Eres Wie De)

gig eo 0
(Dragon/Etect]

When a face-up "Blue—Eyes"
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or an opponent's card
eifect, and you have a Dragon-Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict 600
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon—Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type

monster in your Graveyard; this
sores ATI Vakesreetnieratrel bet that

— dil How to obtain
& ino —_

CanDismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1911: set

yee dese ae

Tony Fre is DE)

e108 eo 80
(Dragon/Ettect)

When a face-up "Blue—Eyes"
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by batlle or an opponent's card
eifect, and you have a Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict 600
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon—Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type

monster in your Graveyard; this
sears AT Vanesreetrarirel SHED

& ino —_—

CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1912: ip set

ze dese 8 a2

Tony Eves Wie Da)

e106 eo 0
(Dragon/ettect]

When a face-up "Blue—Eyes"
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by batlle or an opponent's card
eifect, and you have a Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict 600
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon—Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type

monster in your Graveyard; this
sears a ATW Vanewreeterarirel Seat

& ino —_

CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1913: yee pss ae

—o oh

aug @®o #0
(Dragon/ettect]
When a face-up "Blue—Eyes”
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or an opponent's card
effect, and you have a Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summon this card from your sah
hand, and if you do, inflict 600 2
damage to your opponent for each Can Dismantle
Dragon-Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type

monster in your Graveyar na

gotta: ATW herwenree

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1914: yee dese ae

Deep-Eyes White Dragon - ——
e100 a) | = C A)
(Dragon/Effect]_

When a face-up “Blue—Eyes”
monster(s) you control is destroyed
by battle or an opponent's card
effect, and you have a Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict 600
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon-Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard; this

gcd ATW herewnrcces

|

& jroo

CanDismantie 0

a Cannot Dismantle
‘Bt Generate §=— 9} -30


Frame 1915: (Dragonetestd
When a face-up “Blue—Eyes"
monster(s) you contro) is destroyed
y batlle oan opponent's card
ffect, and you have a Dragon-Type
jonster in your Graveyard; You can
pecial Summon this card from your
hand, and if you do, inflict GOO
damage to your opponent for each
Dragon—Type monster with different
names in your Graveyard.
if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: Target 1 Dragon—Type
monster in your Graveyard; this

paral ATI Rererene ere alee,

ivo/o
ae ai(EY
=a Ca
r ne =30

&

‘Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 1916: i) set

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 1917: Nephilatys, the Ogiioadic Owed ia
@i09 i= ®3100
(Repulle/Eitecth.
Ifa manster(s) |S-sent frem the
hand or Deck to Ine GY, wijlle this
cardjis i your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this ¢zrd, also you cannot
Special Summen monsiers unlit the
end of the next tun, except Reptile
monsters.

i you control this card that was
Special Suimminned fram the GY:
You can target | monster in-your
GY, excapt "Nephilabyss. the
Ggdaaiic Gverlond"; Spacial

epee

minions Diane

{_Dlomantie — H+10 J
(* Gonsraid G30 |


Frame 1918: Nepnianys, the Opa Ovaird

eu 2200 ©3100
(Reptile/Etect]
Ia monster(s) is sent from the

hand ar Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during

the Damage Step): You can Spacial
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters until the
end of the next turn, except Reptile
monsters.

It you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY:

You can target 1 monster in your
GY, except *Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlord"; Special

Rameau

Cn)
— (MA How to optain

oie
cna (Et )

ca

Generate


Frame 1919: se

as Qs G2

Nephilabyss, the Ogdoadic Overlord H])

@ie 2200 ©3100

Reptile/etect]
If a monster(s) is sent from the

hand or Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during

the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card, also you cannot

Special Summon monsters until the Fano
end of the next tum, except Reptile 2 —__2/0/0

monsters. Can dismantle 2 (ET -1
If you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY’ ‘A Dismantie —-@ +10

You can target 1 monster in your

GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
GadoacleOvererd Special

eres


Frame 1920: yee dese G22

Nephilabyss, the Ogdoadic Overlord

@108 ®z200 @3100

{Reptile/ettect]
\f a monster(s) is sent from the
hand or Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters until the
end of the next tum, except Reptile
monsters.

IF you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY:
You can target 1 monster in your
GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlord"; Special

Sime

AS Dismantle §=—@P +10

Wel Generate «= -30


Frame 1921: yee se | Ge

Nephilabyss, the Ogdoadic Overlord

@108 ®z200 ®3100

(Reptiie/etiect]
| a monster(s) is sent from the
hand or Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters until the
end of the next tum, except Reptile
monsters.

IF you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY:
You can target 1 monster in your
GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlard’'; Special

Sime

AS Dismantie == @P +10

Mel Generate «= -30


Frame 1922: yee dese | ie

Nephilabyss, the Ogdoadic Overlord

gion ®z200 #3100

(Reptiie/étiect]
| a monster(s) is sent from the
hand or Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters until the
end of the next tum, except Reptile
monsters.

IF you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY:
You can target 1 monster in your
GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlard’'; Special

Sime

AS Dismantle = @P +10

Mel Generate «= -30


Frame 1923: yee dese aha

Tenhiahye, ie Osan OE)

@108 ®z200 @3100

(Reptiie/étiect]
\fa monster(s) is sent from the
hand or Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters until the
end of the next tum, except Reptile
monsters.

IF you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY:
You can target 1 monster in your
GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlard’'; Special

Sime

AS Dismantle §=—@P +10

Wel Generate «= -30


Frame 1924: ee Gpse ae

Nepiahys, he Ogdenai OE

@108 ®z200 ®3100

(Reptlie/étiec]
if a monster(s) is sent from the
hand or Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters until the
end of the next tum, except Reptile
monsters.

IF you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY:
You can target 1 monster in your
GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlard’'; Special

Simin

AS Dismantie = @P +10

Mel Generate «= -30


Frame 1925: yee dese 8 G22

Neiahys, he Ogden Ovetlnd E

@108 ®2200 #3100

(Reptiie/etiect]
Ifa monster(s) is sent from the
hand or Deck to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters until the
end of the next turn, except Reptile
monsters.

IF you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY:
You can target 1 monster in your
GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlord’; Special

Savane

S Dismantle §=—@P +10

Wel Generate «= GY


Frame 1926: pn |

e108 @®z200 3100

(Reptlsiettect?
[Fa monster(s) is sent from the
hand or Deck to the GY, while this
rd is in your GY (except during
ne Damage Step): You can Special
€o this card, also you cannot
pecial Summon monsters until the
end of the next turn, except Reptile
monsters,
If you control this card that was
Special Summoned from the GY
You can target | monster in your
GY, except "Nephilabyss, the
Ogdoadic Overlard": Special

Cusnee

& 2/010
an Demantia 2


Frame 1927: i) set

2s se

GR 22

Frame 1928: sal

Spisit.of Yuba
@ioe

[Flomi/Etect] _
Cannol be destroyed by baltic, also
you take na damage {for ballies
involving this card,
{his card is destroyed: You ean

| Special Summien 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished of in your hane
Dack, or GY.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spint ofYabei
once per turn

When 2n oppenent’s inanster
declares an attack; You can Special
| Summon thls card from you! hand

Cs Piao
Gatun 2 (EF

@ Dismantle rio |
or Generis «= 30

Frame 1929: Spirit of Yubel

@i0y

Flond/Ettect|
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

It this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your "Yubel”
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel”
once per turn

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special

Summon thls card from your hand,

Bo +
2 3ioi0
CanDismentle 2 (EY 1 }


Frame 1930: se

as ss Ghee

®ie @o 60

{Fiend/ettecty a
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel”
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon thls card from your hand.

“Sy  Dismantle

Ma Generate


Frame 1931: i) set

yee dese | G22
Spirit of Yubel
ear zy Ca

(Fiend/Ettect)_ a
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

IF this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel”
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
‘once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

os |
@® +10

Generate GP -30

2
& 2/0/0

CanDismantle 2

-&  Dismantle

‘at


Frame 1932: i) set

ee dese 8 az
Spirit of Yubel
ear Ey >

(Fiend/ettect)
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

os
@® +10

Generate # -30

2
& 2/010

CanDismantie 2

-&  Dismantle

‘at


Frame 1933: i) set

ee dese | ae
SpirtofYubel
eur Z=y Ca

(Fiend/ettect)
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

al
@® +10

Generate @ -30

2
& 2/010

CanDismantie 2

-&  Dismantle

‘at


Frame 1934: i) set

yee dese | ae
SpirtofYubel
ear EE Cm)

(Fiend/ettect)
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

i
@® +10

Generate # -30

2
& 2/010

CanDismantie 2

-®  Dismantle

‘at


Frame 1935: i) set

yee dese ihe
Spirit of Yubel eee]
ear 20 Ca)

(Fiend/ettect)
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

oe
XY Dismantle = @ +10

2
& 3/010

CanDismantle 2


Frame 1936: 1 e218 = GR 22

Spirit of Yubel |

@uy ®0 #0

(Flend/etfect)
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

:
& 3/010
Can Dismantia 2 =! )

- Dismantle «= +10

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 1937: 1 e218 = GR 22

Spirit of Yubel ag)

@uy ®o #0

(Fiend/ettect)
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

:
& 3/010
Can Dismantia 2 =4 )

- Dismantle = +10

"Bt Generate «= -30


Frame 1938: yee dese | Ghee

Spirit of Yubel eee]

@iuy eo éo0

(Fiend/éftect)
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you take no damage from battles
involving this card.

If this card is destroyed: You can
Special Summon 1 of your “Yubel"
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel"
once per turn.

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

2
& 3/010

-%  Dismantle

"BI Generate

Ca)


Frame 1939: Spirit of Yubet
eu Cn)

Wiensietect!
Cannot be destroyed by battle, also
you lake no damage from battles
involving this card,
f this card is destroyed: You can
pecial Summon 1 of your "Yubel”
that is banished or in your hand,
Deck, or GY.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Spirit of Yubel”
‘once per turn.
When an opponent's monster
declaras an attack: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.

& 2/0/0

Can Dismantle

Hour to Obtain

Bo +1
a 1 )

ir

2(&

Generate

& -30


Frame 1940: i) set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1941: <

——<_o. |

@e & 22700 ©2100
Wyre ttsetl =

W this esti js in your hand; You ean
dextoy 2 alli Monsters in your
hand ardierfscesupien your fell,
including a WIND monster, and if
| you do, Special Sutmmen this card,
and I-you de thal, and both
destisyed monsters were WIND, you
] can also banish exactly 4 cards
fram the ton of your opponent !s
Dack
I (his cand is destroyer by care
effect: You can ddd 1 non—-WIND
eNster trom your Deck ts


Frame 1942: Mariamne, the True Drecophaen)

@o & 2700 ©2100
Wyrmvenecth

Hf this card is in your hand; You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
hand and/or face-up on your field,
including a WIND monster, and if
you do, Special Summon this card,
and If you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards
from the top of your opponent's
Deck

If this card is destroyed by card
be You can add 1 non—WIND

im manster from your Deck to
hand

CA)
(Mout oviain
(Crrees carse

[cai

@+i0
‘@ -30

+1

a toro

Can Dismantle 1

a

"P Generate

Dismantic


Frame 1943: se

as ss dee

———-

@s @ Se2700 ®2100
Owyrmvettect]
If this card is in your hand: You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
hand and/or face-up on your field,
including a WIND monster, and if
you do, Special Summon this card,
and if you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards

from the top of your opponent's
Deck

If this card is destroyed by card
affect: You can add 1 non—WIND

Wyrm monster from your Deck to

Seems fesse

=

Ai tiow 0 ovtain

# || |e
9
5 \

* ivo/a

Bo +t

i

Can Diamantle

@ +10
Generate |

43 Dismantie


Frame 1944: i) set

yee dese G22

haa nn)

es @ ‘S2700 62100
(Wyrmyettect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
hand and/or face-up on your field,
including a WIND monster, and if
you do, Special Summon this card,
and If you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards

from the tap of your opponent's
Deck.

If this card is destroyed by card
effect: You can add 1 non—WIND
Wyrm monster from your Deck to

aire Sessa

(Cit Reiatea Caras
1
& ivoio
Gan Piemeniis 1 ( — )

: C A)
ot


Frame 1945: i) set

yee pss | ae

———T—

es @ 2700 62100
Oyrmjettect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
hand and/or face-up on your field,
including a WIND monster, and if
you do, Special Summon this card,
and If you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards

from the tap of your opponent's
Deck.

If this card is destroyed by card
effect: You can add 1 non—WIND
Wyrm manster from your Deck to

siete Sessa

© Related Cards

i Dismantie «= @P +10

Ml Generale 30

®-30

__ | Ga > Ep)


Frame 1946: sat

yee ese | hae

bin in)

es @ ®2700 62100
(yrmjettect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
hand and/or face-up on your field,
including a WIND monster, and if
you do, Special Summon this card,
and If you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards

from the tap of your opponent's
Deck.

If this card is destroyed by card
effect: You can add 1 non—WIND
Wyrm manster from your Deck to

siete Sessa

© Related Cards
& imo

; =
Can Dismante 1 a


Frame 1947: If this card is in your hand: You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
hand and/or face-up on your field,
including a WIND monster, and if
you do, Special Summon this card,
and if you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards
from the top of your opponent's
Deck.

If this card is destroyed by card
effect: You can add 1 non—WIND
Wyrm monster from your Deck to

sense Sire

(dA tow obtain How to Obtain

(Careiate care) Cards

& jo
Can Dismantie gu —

AY Dismantie =P +10


Frame 1948: (B21

se —*

Mariamne, the True Dracophoenix fl
as @ 2700 ®2100

(wyrm/ettect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
hand and/or face-up on your field,
including a WIND monster, and if
you do, Special Summon this card,
and if you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards
from the top of your opponent's
Deck.

If this card is destroyed by card
effect: You can add 1 non—WIND
Wyrm monster from your Deck to

Gots Smet

GW Related Cards

Can Dismantle


Frame 1949: If this card is in your hand: You can
destroy 2 other monsters in your
and and/or face-up on your field,
cluding a WIND monster, and if
< do, Special Summon this card,
and if you do that, and both
destroyed monsters were WIND, you
can also banish exactly 4 cards
from the top of your opponent's
Deck
If this card Is destrayed by card
effect: You ean add 1 nan—-WIND
Wyrm monster from your Deck to

fe yee

& jroo

1(Eo +1
@ vo
Generate 4 -30

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantic


Frame 1950: i) set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1951: Hela,

Gane iy Hoke 9 Bo =

ee © *eu0 G2a0D of
(Zomig/Estoetl, | ( Baw wens |
Yau can only conlra! 1 "Hela, ———e

Ganeraider Bose Of Daun"

(Quick Elfeat). Youean Tribute +
"Generaldes” monster or 1 Zombie
monster, tent largat 1 ' Genepaider”
iWenster or | Zombie monster th
your BY. withia diferent name than
We Tributes mensterhad on the
field; Special Summon that monster @
in Defanse Position

You Gan only Use his effect Af
“Hela, Generalder Boss of Doom!
ance perturn

1 (Ct rsinea care
= (e+ = J
2 Faro

Ban Laie 1 ‘CEE s)

ena S00)
| ‘Generate =

Frame 1952: Sete |

@se @s00 2500
[Zombic/Etfect] TN

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom",

(Quick Effecl): You can Tribute 1
"Generaider” monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider"
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with 2 different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Specia| Summon that monster
in Defense Position

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom’!
once per turn.

a toro

Can Dismantle 1

4% Dismantle

"P Generate

@ +10
& -30


Frame 1953: se

@as Qs G2

Hela, Gerieraider Boss of

eee

@s 2 Senn 62500

Wombielettect]

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom”.

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider"
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a difterent name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
in Defense Position,

You can only use this effect of
“Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn

3 ivoa

Can Dismantie

no

“4% Dismantle = @ +10

Bl Generate |


Frame 1954: i) set

yee ese 8 Gee

Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom

es @ @®ao0 #2800

Hombiefettet]
You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider”
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
in Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

=)


Frame 1955: i) set

yee Gese | 22

Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom

a5 @ @ao0 #2800

(Zombieettect]

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider”
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
In Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

1
& jroo
Can Dismantle Ho
A Dismantie §=—-@P +10


Frame 1956: i) set

yee se | ie

Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom

a5 @ @ao0 #2800

(Zombiefettect]

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider”
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
In Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

1
& jroo
Can Dismantle Ho
A Dismantie §=—-@P +10


Frame 1957: @5 8 ®ao0 #2800

WombiefEttect]
You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider"
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different mame than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster.
In Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
“Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

— a
1

Can Dismantle


Frame 1958: i) set

yee dese | he

Vila, Generale Boss of Doan)

@5 @ ®ao0 #2800

Hombiefettect]

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider”
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
in Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

— a
1

Can Dismantle

® +10

“RF Dismantic

:


Frame 1959: ze dese ae

Se |

a5 9 ®eao0 2800

(Zombierettect]

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider”
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
In Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

Can Dismantle

&

co
t

Dismantle

Generate 4-30


Frame 1960: yee dese 22

Se |

a5 9 ®eao0 2800

(Zombie/etfect! a |

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider”
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
In Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

Can Dismantle
“  Dismantle

"at Generate


Frame 1961: yee dese | ae

Se |

a5 9 ®en0 #2500
(Zombie/Ettect!

You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
"Generaider" monster or 1 Zombie
monster, then target 1 "Generaider"
monster or 1 Zombie monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
in Defense Position.

You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generalder Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

=n

Can Dismantle

A

‘S Dismantle §=— +10

"at Generate

& -30


Frame 1962: You can only control 1 "Hela,
Generaider Boss of Doom".
om Effect): You can Tribute 1
{Generaider* monster or 1 Zombie
onster, then target 1 "Generaider"
monster or 1 Zomble monster in
your GY, with a different name than
the Tributed monster had on the
field; Special Summon that monster
in Defense Position,
You can only use this effect of
"Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom"
once per turn.

&

Can Dismantle


Frame 1963: iy se1

2s gas

GR 22

Frame 1964: set

2s oe

GR 22

Frame 1965: Splendid Venus

All non—Fairy mansters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects
of Spell/Tran Cards activated on
your lisid cannot be negated.

o
Boo
Ev |

@ v0

Vv


Frame 1966: ser pets Boe ae
Splendid Venus lm: ,

gee S2e00 S200

(Fary/ettect|
All non—Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects
of Spell/Trap Cards activated on

your field cannot be negated.

& 2/0/0
Can Dismantle 2

AZ Dismantle +10

Ml Generate «= -30

i


Frame 1967: set

yee Gpse Ghee

Splendid Venus |

eo 8 ®2e00 62400
[Fairy/Ettect]_——_
All non—Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects
of Spell/Trap Cards activated on

your field cannot be negated.

2
& 2/010
ConDisnanie 2( ES -!
4S Dismantie = @ +10

“Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 1968: ss zie GBse ip 22
Splendid Verus

eo 8 ®2e00 6200
[rairy/ettect] How to Obtain

All non—Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects

is

of Spell/Trap Cards activated on pf
A, | your lield cannot be negated. 2
| oD
& 2/010
Ot

4 Dismantie = @ +10

“Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 1969: set

yee ese | a2

Splendid Venus |

eo 8 ®ze00 62000
[Fairy/ettect]_
All non—Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects
of Spell/Trap Cards activated on

your field cannot be negated.

2
& 2/010
Candismanile 2 (ES -!
4S Dismantie = @ +10

“Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 1970: yee dese 8 G22

All non-Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects
of Spell/Trap Cards activated on
your field cannot be negated.

f
r |
2
& 2/0/0

CanDismantie 2
-B  Dismantle

1B! Generate

+10
® -30


Frame 1971: set

yee dese | hae

Splendid Venus er)

®ze00 62400
———
All non—Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF, The activation and effects
of Spell/Trap Cards activated on
your field cannot be negated.


Frame 1972: yee dese | Gaz

Splendid Venus : a

en 8 ®ze00 @2400

[Fairy/Effect] |
All non-Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects
of Spel/Trap Cards activated on
your field cannot be negated.

|
& 2/0/0

o
= Ce.
4 Dismantle =P +10

2


Frame 1973: yee dese ae

Splendid Venus : __ a

go 8 ®2500 2400
(Falry/efiect]____
All non—Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects

of Spell/Trap Cards activated on
your field cannot be negated.

|

oa


Frame 1974: eo @ze00 $2400
WFaiy/ettect]
All non—Fairy monsters lose 500
ATK/DEF. The activation and effects
of Spell/Trap Cards activated on
ge field cannot be negated.


Frame 1975: set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1976: set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 1977: Blizzard Princess

ae

@e 9 ®zan0 ©2100
[Spelleaster/etect]
You can Tribute Summon this card

in face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spelicaster—-Type

monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot
activate Spel/Irap Cards for the

rest of that turn,

Ca)

| cl

e)

"Generate -30

+t

& ioio

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 1978: i) 591

@as Qs 2

Bizzacd Princess |

@5 0 @zen0 2100
{spolicaster/eftect]
You can Tribute Summon this card

in face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spelicaster-Type
monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot
activate Spell/Trap Cards for the

rest of that turn.

=


Frame 1979: (B21

@se ie

at i

@59
{Spellcaster/Etfect!
You can Tribute Summon this card
in face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spelicaster—Type
monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot
activate Spell/Trap Cards for the
rest of that turn.

©2500 $2100

CR)

dM tow to obtain

ani

& ivoio
=== Ce
® +10

=
"Generate §=— @#P -30

Dismantie


Frame 1980: (B21

@se ie

Blizzard Princess
@5 9
{Spellcaster/Effect!
You can Tribute Summon this card
in face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spelicaster—Type
monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot

activate Spell/Irap Cards for the
rest of that turn.

®2e00 2100

———— FF

CR)

(A How to obtain

& jvoio

Gd
a

a

® +10

Generate  @ -30

Dismantie


Frame 1981: set

(Baia

@se ie

a I

a5 9 ®zen0 2100
Spellcaster/etect)
You can Tribute Summon this card

In face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spellcaster—Type
monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot
activate Spell/Itap Cards tor the

rest of that turn.

Ta: @
;
1

& ivoi0
Can Diamante 1 (EY )


Frame 1982: set

yee ese azz

Blizzard Princess —— |

@59 ®ze00 $2100
{Spellcaster/etect)

You can Tribute Summon this card
in face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spelicaster-Type
monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot
activate Spell/Trap Cards tor the
rest of that turn.

a: @
;
1

& ivoio
=== Ce
® +10

"Generate «=P -30

“4% Dismantie


Frame 1983: (By 21a

——- GR 22

Blizzard Princess
@5 9
[Spelicaster/Ettect]
You can Tribute Summon this card
in face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spelicaster-Type
monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot
activate Spell/Trap Cards for the
rest of that turn.

—— $2100

& imo
CanDismantle 1 —


Frame 1984: ee dese Gee

@5 9 ®ze00 #2100

ISpellcasterfetect)
You can Tribute Summon this card

in face-up Attack Position by
Tributing 1 Spelicaster—Type

monster.

After this card was Normal
Summoned, your opponent cannot
activate Spell/Trap Cards tor the

rest of that turn.

| CR)

:
& 1/0/0 (@e- )

Can Dismantle

5 Dismantie

#10


Frame 1985: — |
@5 0 @ze00 2100

{Spollcaster/efect]___ NNN

You can Tribute Summon this card
In face-up Attack Position by

Tributing 1 Spellcaster-Type ud
monster.
jer this card was Normal Boo+
Summoned, your opponent cannot & iso/o
activate Spell/Trap Cards for the = Ce
rest of that turn. Se SS) re

[ 2 Dismantie @ +10

Generate = -30


Frame 1986: i) set

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 1987: The Gand ua =

@: 0 @2500 @zo00 |
(Warlar/Bttoctl —
Once per tum: You can discard 2°
cards, (han target 1 face-uiy
monster veur oNBOTIEN! contrals.
equip that facetup monsiar to this
card.

This eard gains ATK equal tothe Fiat >

combined original ATK of the Clin
monslers equipped ta it by this Ean Dismantie Oo “
effect j

Once per turd, during the End.
Phase: You can target | Monster
Card equipped to this card by thts
card's cffect) Spanial Summon it to

5,


Frame 1988: equip that face-up monster to this
card.

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect. —

@e 8 ®2500 ©2000

(Warrlor/efea] ( dl How to obtain
Once per turn: You can discard 2

cards, then target 1 face-up Pat

monster your opponent controls;

Once per turn, during the End Cannot Diamantis
Phase: You can target 1 Monster —
Card equipped to this card by this ooncet

card's effect; Special Summan it to


Frame 1989: se

es Qs G2

The Grand Jupiter | F

ee o ®2s00 2000

(Warrlor/Efect! =
Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls:
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target | Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summan it to


Frame 1990: i) set

yee se 8 az
TheGrand Jupiter =
a5 8 ®2500 #2000 C A)

Warrorfettet]
Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls:
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target 1 Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summon it to

:
1

Ss Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1991: i) set

yee dese G22

The Grand Jupiter |

a5 o ®zs00 @2000

(Warrlorfettect!_

Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls:
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target 1 Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summon it to

Cannot Dismantie

ate


Frame 1992: i) set

yee se G22

The Grand Jupiter ee

a5 8 ®zs00 @2000

(Warrlorfettect!

Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls:
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target 1 Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summon it to

— (a
:
1

~ GEE

oS Cannot Dismantie


Frame 1993: i) set

yee ese ae

TheGrand Jupiter

a5 © ®2s00 @2000 C A)
(Warrlorfettect!_

Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls;
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target 1 Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summon it to

:
1
= (9 )

Cannot Dismantie

ate


Frame 1994: i) set

yee se G22
TheGrand Jupiter
a5 © ®2500 #2000 C A)

(Warrorfettet]
Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls;
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target 1 Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summon it to

:
1
= (9 )

Cannot Dismantie

ate


Frame 1995: ee dese Gee

The Grand Jupiter |

@5 8 ®z2s00 ®2000

Warrlorfettect]
Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls;
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to it by this
effect.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target 1 Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summon it to

— ar
7 a

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 1996: 1

yee se Gee

@5 8 ®z2s00 ®2000

Warriorfettect!
Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up

monster your opponent controls;
equip that face-up monster to this
card,

This card gains ATK equal to the & io =
combined original ATK of the GE
monsters equipped to it by this ConDitseate 0

effect.

Once per turn, during the End Cannot Dismantle
Phase: You can target 1 Monster

Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect; Special Summon it to

aM How to Obtain

Tucan inie TS =


Frame 1997: Once per turn: You can discard 2
cards, then target 1 face-up
monster your opponent controls;

« ip that face-up monster to this
rd,

This card gains ATK equal to the
combined original ATK of the
monsters equipped to It by this
effect.

Once per turn, during the End
Phase: You can target 1 Monster
Card equipped to this card by this
card's effect: Special Summan jt to

Generate

Canno} Dismantis

@-30


Frame 1998: i) set

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 1999: The Blazing Mars

eee @2a00 @ze00
(ryrevepect! _— | (BB Faw eo oman
While this%card is in your hand or

GY> You can banish 8 other
monsters fram yourGY; Special
Summon this card, also yay carnot
Special Summon other monsters for
Wie rest of this tun :
During your Main Phase You can
send all otheF monsters you control
to the GY; inflict 500 darnage to
yout dhponent for-eaéh monster
sent to the GY.

—__ (Rd
2 Har > ,
JF name EL ~~)

You can only use this effect of The ( Gon 30 |

Blazing Mars” onee per turn,


Frame 2000: The Blazing Mars Le

eee @2a00 ©2a00
(yrfettect|

While this card is in your hand or
GY: You can banish 3 other
monsters from your GY; Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon other monsters for
the rest of this turn.

During your Main Phase 1; You can
send all other monsters yoU control
to the GY; inflict 500 damage to
your opponent for each monster
sent to the GY.

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars” once per turn.

fr
& +1

a toro

Can Dismantie 0 = )

as Cannot Diam


Frame 2001: set pets Boe ae
a

en 2 @ze00 2200

(Pyro/ettect]
While this card is in your hand or

GY: You can banish 3 other

monsters from your GY; Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon other monsters for

the rest of this turn. & Foe
During your Main Phase 1; You can (eo
send all other monsters you control  ©anDismantle _0

to the GY; inflict 500 damage to

your opponent for each monster a Cannot Dismant
sent to the GY.

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars" once per turn. fGen


Frame 2002: i) set

ye pase ——— 22
aoe —— 2200

(Pyro/etect]
While this card is in your hand or
GY: You can banish 3 other
monsters from your GY; Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon other monsters for
the rest of this turn.

During your Main Phase 1; You can
send all other monsters you control
to the GY; inflict 500 damage to
your opponent for each monster
sent to the GY,

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars" once per turn

 - C=”
Can Dismantle

“ Cannot Dismantie

Fon &


Frame 2003: i) set

ae eae —— 22
eo 8 — 2200

(yro/etect}
While this card is in your hand or
GY: You can banish 3 other
monsters from your GY; Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon other monsters for
the rest of this tum.

During your Main Phase 1; You can
send all other monsters you control
to the GY; inflict 500 damage to
your opponent for each monster
sent to the GY,

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars" once per turn.

 * C=
Can Dismantle

a Cannot Bismantle

i rate


Frame 2004: set

yee pase —- 22
eo 8 ——— 2200

(Pyro/etect]
While this card is in your hand or
GY: You can banish 3 other
monsters from your GY; Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon other monsters for
the rest of this tum.

During your Main Phase 1; You can
send all other monsters you control
to the GY; inflict 500 damage to
your opponent for each monster
sent to the GY,

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars" once per turn.

 * C=
Can Dismantle

“ Cannot Bismantie

i rate


Frame 2005: i) set

ye ipa —-- 22
eo 8 —— ‘2200

(Pyro/ettect]
While this card is in your hand or
GY: You can banish 3 other
monsters from your GY; Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon other monsters for
the rest of this turn.

During your Main Phase 1; You can
send all other monsters you control
to the GY; inflict 500 damage to
your opponent for each monster
sent to the GY,

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars" once per turn

 - C=”
Can Dismantle

“ Cannot Dismantie

T rate


Frame 2006: 1

yee se Gee

Teorey

a5 @ ®2e00 2200 |

(Pyro/ettect]
While this card is in your hand or

GY: You can banish 3 other

monsters from your GY; Special
Summon this card, also you cannot
Special Summon other monsters for

1

off
the rest of this turn. & ain
During your Main Phase 1; You can (ey 4
send all other monsters you control CanDismantle _0

to the GY; inflict 500 damage to

your opponent for each monster BS Cannot
sent to the GY,

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars" once per turn. iu vate G30

smanti


Frame 2007: @5 2 @ze00 2200 ix!

(Pyoetet! (cA our t2 obtain

While this card is |n your hand or
GY) You can banish 3 other

jonsters from your GY; Special
qo this card, also you cannot

pecial Summon other monsters for

e rest of this turn. &
During your Main Phase 1: Youcan ~~
send all other monsters you contro! Can Dismanile
to the GY; inflict 500 damage to Ee
your opponent for each monster & Cannot Dismantie
sent to the GY. —

You can only use this effect of "The
Blazing Mars" once per turn. Generate


Frame 2008: i) set

2s se

GR 22

Frame 2009: i) set

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 2010: (regowettset)
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by Tributing 2
monsters with 2000 of more ATK
During the Battle Step, if this card
battles an opponent's monster
(Quick Effect): You can target that
opponent's monster: banish both
this card from the field and that
target. Return those banished
monsters to the field at the end of
the Battle Phase, and if you
hanished an Xyz Monster. this card
gains 500 ATK for each material It

rod whan It mac haninhad

& dao
Can Diemanile 0 (ES 1 5]


Frame 2011: en a @snn0 ®2500

(Dragowettet)
You can Special Summon this card
(from your hand) by Tributing 2
monsters with 2000 or more ATK.
During the Battle Step, if this card
battles an opponent's monster
(Quick Effect): You can target that
opponent's monster; banish both
this card from the field and that
larget. Return those banished
mansters to the field at the end of
the Battle Phase, and if you
banished an Xyz Monster, this card
gains 500 ATK for each material it

raed ecard W forme eriisberet’

/

|
B+
af

2

(s_-_)

smiar

2 2/0/0

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2012: i) set

ee se Ghee

a

eng @s000 82500
(Dragon/Ettect]
You can Special Summon this card

(from your hand) by Tributing 2
monsters with 2000 or more ATK.

During the Baltle Step, if this card 2
bales an opponent's monster (eo +)

(Quick Effect): You can target that & 2370/0 - )
QQ -1

opponent's monster; banish both
this card from the field and that Pea reimentin “6
target. Return those banished
mansters to the field at the end of cs Cannot Dismianile
the Battle Phase, and if you
banished an Xyz Monster, this card
0 ATK for each material it

mae! csv


Frame 2013: sat

ee dese | ae

a

es G @s000 82500
(Dragon/Ettect}
You can Special Summon this card

(from your hand) by Tributing 2
monsters with 2000 or more ATK.

During the Baltle Step, if this card 2
valle an opponent's monster (eo +)

(Quick Effect): You can target that & 2370/0 (j- )
QQ -

opponent's monster; banish both
this card from the field and that iepeesineniis —18'\
target. Return those banished
mansters to the field at the end of * Cannot Dismantie
the Battle Phase, and if you
banished an Xyz Monster, this card
0 ATK for each material it

ae! bcs heeat


Frame 2014: sat

yee se G22

a

es @s000 82500
(Dragon/Ettect}
You can Special Summon this card

(from your hand) by Tributing 2
monsters with 2000 or more ATK.

During the Baltle Step, if this card 2
valle an opponent's monster (e+)

(Quick Effect): You can target that & 2370/0 - )
Q -1

opponent's monster; banish both
this card from the field and that jeeeceanentis —26)\
target. Return those banished
mansters to the field at the end of * Cannot Dismantie
the Battle Phase, and if you
banished an Xyz Monster, this card
0 ATR for each materia’ It

ae! bcs beet


Frame 2015: i) set

yee se Ghee

fy ed a»

eo G @®s000 2500
(Oragon/eifect) |
You can Special Summon this card

(from your hand) by Tributing 2
monsters with 2000 or more ATK.

During the Ballle Step, if this card 2
vals an opponent's monster (e+)

(Quick Effect): You can target that 2/0/0
(Ro +1

opponent's monster; banish both
this card from the field and that cemsimentia "6
target. Return those banished
monsters to the field at the end of = Cannot Dismantie
the Battle Phase, and if you
banished an Xyz Monster, this card
0 ATK for each material it

Laird Wome bereits


Frame 2016: <a |

aoe @s000 $2500
(Dragon/Ettect!
You can Special Summon this card
(rom your hand) by Tributing 2
jonsters with 2000 or more ATK.
ei the Battle Step, if this card
atlles an opponent's monster
(Quick Effect): You can target that
opponent's monster; banish both
this card from the field and that
target. Return those banished
monsters to the field at the end of
the Battle Phase, and if you
banished an Xyz Monster, this card
gains 500 ATK for each material it

hod sathnn if uve heeniebrerd

& 2/010
Can Dismanite 0

jenerale

is

Ai vtow 30 obtain

o
Bm «ft
Boo
& -30


Frame 2017: i) set

2s ae

22

Frame 2018: Serer |

ec @ @o\-, @za00

(Wisrriqy/ Ettoct), — —
When an opponent's mansier 4
declares 4 ditsct allack; You cay
Special Summpn thiscard [rom your
hand. then if this card's DEF is
Highe® than the attacking monster's
| ATK Westray thal attacking manster
| An Xyz Monster that was
Summeneo using HS card on the Bismantie 0 (Ee
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect
@Each turn the fest tine this Card
would be destroyed by hattie; itis
nat dasirayed.


Frame 2019: ‘Swordsman of Revealing Light

@e ® 60 ©zan0
Warrlovetect]

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then il this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that attacking monster.
An Xyz Monster that was:
‘Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Materia) gains this
effect.

@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destroyed by battle, It is
nat destroyed.

(Ai How to obtain

& toro

Can Dismantle 0

i Cannot Dismanit

Fim

Gen


Frame 2020: se

as Qs G22

}

ao

Swordsman of Revealing Light) C

fe @ @o 6 2a00 | |

(Warrlor/Etfect] ————___}
When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that attacking monster.
An Xyz Monster that was

Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this

effect. ES
@Each tum, the first time this card

would be destroyed by battle, It Is
not destroyed.


Frame 2021: i) set

ee se «Gee

Swordsman of Revealing ght 78}

ee @ @o  ®ea00
Warror/ettect]

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that altacking monster.
‘An Xyz Monster that was
Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect.

@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is
not destroyed.

 - C=”

sy
Can Dismantle: o & 4

at


Frame 2022: i) set

yee se Ghee

‘Swordsman of Revealing Light
a5 8 @o  ®ea00
(Warror/ettect]

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that altacking monster.
‘An Xyz Monster that was
Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect.

@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is
not destroyed.


Frame 2023: i) set

ze se ae

‘Swordsman of Revealing Light
a5 8 @o  ®ean0
(Warrlor/ettet]

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that altacking monster.
‘An Xyz Monster that was
Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect.

@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is
not destroyed.


Frame 2024: yee dese Gee

hon Ee)

as 8 eo 2600

(Warrtorfettect]

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that altacking monster.
‘An Xyz Monster that was
Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect.

@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is
not destroyed.


Frame 2025: yee se Gee

ioodonano on DE)

a5 8 eo 2000

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that attacking monster. g fava
‘An Xyz Monster that was SS 4
Summoned using this card on the ‘Conismanile 0.

field as Xyz Material gains this =

(me «1 )

effect. a Cannot Dismantie
@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is ry rate 30

not destroyed.


Frame 2026: iy se1

ze ese | ze
Swordsman of Revealing Light) am :
a5 8 @o 2c00
Warrtorfeftect]

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that attacking monster.
‘An Xyz Monster that was
Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect.

@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is
not destroyed.

ie How to Obtain

& ino
CanDismantie 0 )

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2027: set

ze dese | 22
Swordsman of Revealing Light) am :
a5 8 @o 200
Warrtorfettect]

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
hand, then if this card's DEF is
higher than the attacking monster's
ATK, destroy that attacking monster.
‘An Xyz Monster that was
Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect.

@Each turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is
not destroyed.

ie How to Obtain

& ino
CanDismantie 0 -)

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2028: set

ze se G22

Sse of

a5 8 eo 2400

(Warrlor/effect! aE

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your

hand, then if this card's DEF is 1

ATK, destroy that attacking monster. gy in

‘An Xyz Monster that was ( 4
Summoned using this card on the Can Dismantie_0

field as Xyz Material gains this

effect. & Cannot Dismanti

@Each turn, the first time this card

would be destrayed by battle, it Is
not destroyed. rate 30

a
(ror oon)

| A How to obtain


Frame 2029: ®

Wartoreftet)

When an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack: You can
Special Summon this card from your
and, then if this card's DEF is
igher than the attacking monster's
‘ATK, destroy that attacking monster.
An Xyz Monster that was:
Summoned using this card on the
field as Xyz Material gains this
effect.
@E£ach turn, the first time this card
would be destrayed by battle, it is
not destroyed.

eo

& jioio
Can Dismanile 0

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2030: iy set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 2031: iy set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 2032: Legendary Knight Timaeus

@e 8 @2a00 ©1600

(Wierror/ettoes

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
*legend of Heat (Grane cae)
When this card is Special
Summoned. You car target 1 face— B+
Aa

up Spell/Trap on the field: banish & Uaro
ED

‘that target = = 3
When this card is targeted for an Sen Deporte

attack: You can target 1 Spell in —
your GY; Set that target. 1

Cannes Diamante


Frame 2033: 501

rs ss Ghee

Legendary Knight Timeus

es @ @2e00 1800

Warrtor/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned; You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target.

2

Ca)
——

& ino
Can Dismantie 0


Frame 2034: ze se G22

@5 6 ®2e00 ®1s00

(Warrtorettect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
“Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special

Summoned; You can target 1 face-
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target

Ca

i)
(dM How to ontin
1
poeemenes

0
Can Dismantie 0

- Cannot Disinantle

amt


Frame 2035: ze dese | G22

@5 8 @®2e00 ®1s00

(Warrloretect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
“Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special

Summoned: You can target 1 face-
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target

{How to obtain

lie

“Ag i

Can Dismantle

i

Gener


Frame 2036: ze dese G22

@5 8 @®2e00 ®1s00

(Warrlorfetect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special

Summoned: You can target 1 face-
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target

{Ml How to obtain

ile

“ga a

Can Dismantle

Lo

Gener


Frame 2037: ze dese ize

Legendary Knight Timacus

a5 8 ®ze00 #15800

(Warrlorfetfect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart”.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face-
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target.

How to Obtain

|

Cannot Diemantle

(<_< oe)


Frame 2038: iy set

ze dese | 22

Legendary Knight Times) y

a5 8 ®2e00 61500

{Warrlor/etfect] —— |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target.

=

& jo
J -1
CanDismantie 0

oe Cannot Diemantie

&

"al General


Frame 2039: iy set

ze dese G22

Toyandny hapa TET

a5 8 ®ze00 #1500

{Warrlor/etfect] ee |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target.

— a
i
& =

CanDismantie 0
Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2040: Legendary Knight Timaeus

@5 ® ®2e00 61800

[Warrior/Effect!
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
“Legend of Heart”.
hen this card is Special
ummoned; You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target
When this card is targeted for an
attack: You can target 1 Spell in
your GY; Set that target

& 4fo/o

Ty =4)
Can Dismantle o sl
& Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2041: iy set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 2042: Lavanya

Foo ie |

ee — === 1
Cannol he Normal Sumnmoned/Sel- !
Must be Special Summoried with
“Legend at Hear”

When this card Is Special |
Summoned: You can target] jage—

wp Spell/Trap on the fleld: Banish 2 << — ="
thal taroet (fe
OfWc® per tue) when ths =ardiis fc

targeted for an atlack; You eae |
target] Effect Monster in youn GY
yn! the End Phase af your text “J

turn) this card!s ame becames that = ]
iarget's original name, and replace [ ul Sin a0


Frame 2043: Legendary KnightHermas

@e ® @ea00 ®1600
[Warrlo/Effect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart",
When this card is Special
Summoned, You car target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field: banish’
that target
‘Once per turn, when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster In your GY;
until the End Phase af your next
turn, this card's name becomes that

target's original name, and replace

CA)

(AA How to obtain

Bo +

x Horo

Can Bismantia 0

{ Cannot Dismanite


Frame 2044: 5 9 @2e0v 1800
IWartlor/eftect] |
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned; You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target.

Once per turn, when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster in your GY;
until the End Phase of your next
turn, this card's name becomes that.
target's original name, and replace

& ison

Cantiamantte 0 (EY -!

os Cannot Dismar


Frame 2045: ze dese G22

tea mae

@s 8 ®ze00 ©1500

(Warrlorfetfect) — |
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned wil
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

Once per turn, when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster in your GY;
until the End Phase of your next
turn, this card's name hecames that.
target's original name, and replace

& ivoio
= Cae

“ Cannot

‘Bl Generate =


Frame 2046: ze dese | G22

seta i mar

@5 8 ®ze00 ©1500

(Warrlorfettect) So
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned wil
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face-
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

Once per turn, when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster in your GY;
until the End Phase of your next
turn, this card's name hecames that
target's original name, and replace

& ivoio

(eo -
Can Dismantle o EY u

el

Cannot

Generate =


Frame 2047: ze se G2

Coma mat

@5 8 ®ze00 ©1500

(Warrlorfettect) —= |
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned wil
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

Once per turn, when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster in your GY;
until the End Phase of your next
turn, this card's name hecames that
target's original name, and replace

& ivoio

(eo -
Can Dismantle o EY if

a

Cannot

Generate =


Frame 2048: @5 8 ®ze00 ©1500

(Warrlorfettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

Once per turn. when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster in your GY;
until the End Phase of your next
turn, this card's name becames that
target's original name, and replace

=

it
& ivoio
Can Dismantie 0

“ Cannot Dismantle

me

jenerate =


Frame 2049: (Warrlor/ettect!_—___
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
"Legend of Heart".

When this card is Special
Summoned; You can target 1 face~
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target

Once per turn, when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster in your GY;
until the End Phase of your next
turn, this card's name becomes that
target's original name, and replace

La

Cannot Dismantie

Generate


Frame 2050: Lagendary Knight Hermas

as @ ®ze00 $1500

Wantorefeet)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned with
Legend of Heart”.

hen this card is Special

jummoned; You can target 1 face—
up Spell/Trap on the field; banish
that target
Once per turn, when this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Effect Monster in your GY;
until the End Phase of your next
turn, this card's name becomes that
target's original name, and replace


Frame 2051: iy set

2s ae

GR 22

Frame 2052: iy set

oe)

GR 22

Frame 2053: @e oo e500 ©2000
Ioragowvettoct]

(This card is always treated as a
“Blue—Eyes" card.)

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while in the hand or GY,
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned You can target 1
Spell/Trap your opponent controls;
banish it

it your oppenent controls 4 monster
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; Special Summon 1 “Blue~
Eyes White Dragon" from your
hand

(Cm)
(a=)

& taro

Gao Diemantle 0

Canne

|- Diditanite


Frame 2054: 501

2s ss hee

Drauon Spi wale |
eae 251
nl
(This card is always treated as a
“Blue—-Eyes" card.)

This card is treated as a Normal

| Monster while in the hand or GY,

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1
Spell/Trap. your opponent controls;
banish it.

If your opponent controls a monster
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; Special Summon 1 "Blue—
Eyes White Dragan” from your
hand.

|
3 A ow

Can Dismantle 0

(fe _- )


Frame 2055: ze dese | 22

en @ ®2500 2000

Kragonetteet]
(This card is always treated as a
"Blue—Eyes” card.)

This card js lrealed as a Normal
Monster while in the hand or GY,
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
Spell/Trap your opponent controls;
banish it

if your opponent controls a monster
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; Special Summon 1 "Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" fram your
hand.

Rolat:

Can Dismanile 0

Cannot Bis


Frame 2056: ze dese | ae

esc ®2500 2000

WDragonEttet]
(This card is always treated as a
"Blue—Eyes” card.)

This card js lreated as a Normal
Monster while in the hand or GY,
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
Spell/Trap your opponent controls;
banish it

if your opponent controls a monster
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card: Special Summon 1 "Biue—
Eyes White Dragon" fram your
hand.

Relat:

+1

oy

Cannot Bis

iyo/o

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 2057: ae se Ghee

ee c ®2500 2000
Wragonetteet]
(This card is always treated as a
"Blue—Eyes” card.)

This card js treated as a Normal
Monster while in the hand or GY,
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
Spell/Trap your opponent controls;
banish it

if your opponent controls a monster
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card: Special Summon 1 “Blue—
Eyes White Dragon" fram your

hand.

Relat:

+t

oy

iyo/o

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 2058: iy set

ze dese | 22

Dragon Spit of ite

ang ®2s00 ®2000

(Oragon/Ettect]
(This card |s always treated as a
"Blue—Eyes" card.)

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while in the hand or GY,
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
Spell/Trap your opponent controls;
banish it

If your opponent controls a monster
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; Special Summon 1 "Biue—
Eyes White Dragon" fram your
hand.

==
oa

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2059: Dragon Spirit of White. |
en © @®2s00 @2000
(ragowEtet]

(This card is always treated as a
“Blue-Eyes" card.)

Jihis card is treated as a Normal
eons: while in the hand or GY,

hen this card Is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can target 1 Toro
Spell/Trap your opponent controls; Can Dis 0 ad oid
banish it. SS — =

If your opponent contrals a monster i '

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute this void ~~"
card; Special Summon 1 "Blue— =

Eyes White Dragon” trom your

hand.


Frame 2060: iy set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 2061: iy set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 2062: ee y @2300 ©2200
(renqfertesti_ (drow no ontan
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Must be Special Summoned ((rom a

your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

Wf this card is Special Summoned,

Add 1 monster with 1500 or less gg Sioro

a ;
A eee

You can only use this effect of
“Umbramirage the Elemental Lord" —
‘once per turn Cannon Diam

If this face-up card leaves the field.
skip the Battle Phase of your next Generate = -30

turn.


Frame 2063: 501

2s ss hee

|

@a ¥ @2e00 G2200

(Flend/efiect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

If this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
ATK from your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
“Umbramirage the Elemental Lord”
once per turn

If this face—up card leaves the field,
skip the Battle Phase of your next
turn,

-

= ( )

WB Related Cards
: |

~~ CH=

Ey annot Dismant

|
3


Frame 2064: S2e00 ® 2200

(Fiend/etfect] —aee
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

If this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
ATK from your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Umbramirage the Elemental Lord"
once per turn.

If this face-up card leaves the field,
skip the Battie Phase of your next
turn.

al
“4

Cannot Dis

3
& 3ya/0

CanDismantie 0

nile


Frame 2065: ze dese | ize

Umbramirage the Elemental Lard

a5 ¥ ®ze00 ®2200

(Fend/etfect] ans
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

If this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
ATK trom your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Umbramirage the Elemental Lord"
once per turn.

If this face-up card leaves the field,
skip the Battle Phase of your next
turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 2066: ze dese | he

Umbramirage the Elemental
a5 ¥

(Fend/étfect] —

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

if this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
ATK trom your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
“Umbramirage the Elemental Lord”
once per turn.

if this face-up card leaves the field,
skip the Battle Phase of your next
turn.

2800 2200

Ca)

Cannot Dis

|

3
& 3ya/0

CanDismantie 0

nile


Frame 2067: iy set

ze dese = G22

cei

a5 ¥ ®zen0 ®2200

(Fiend/ettect] Sas
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

If this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
ATK from your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Umbramirage the Elemental Lord"
once per turn.

If this face-up card leaves the field,
skip the Battle Phase of your next
turn.

Cannot Dis


Frame 2068: iy set

ze dese | he

———c

a5 ¥ ®zenn ®2200

(Fiend/etfect)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

If this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
ATK from your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
“Umbramirage the Elemental Lord"
once per turn.

If this face-up card leaves the field,
skip the Battle Phase of your next
turn.

=
& 3/0/0
(Ee -
CanDiamantis 0 (EY!
5 Cannot Dismantle

"al Generate


Frame 2069: iy set

ze pss | ae

Umbramirage the Elemental Lord

ap wv ®ze00 @2200

(Fieng/ettect]
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand) by having exactly 5
DARK monsters in your GY.

If this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
ATK from your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Umbramirage the Elemental Lord"
once per turn.

If this face-up card leaves the field,
skip the Battle Phase of your next
turn,

BO +1

“s Cannot Dismantle

"|

3
& 3/010

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2070: es @ze00 #2200

(Fiend/ettect}
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from

our hand) by having exactly 5
<: monsters in your GY.

H this card is Special Summoned:
Add 1 monster with 1500 or less
AiK trom your Beck to your hand,
You can only use this effect of
‘Umbramirage the Elemental Lord"
once per turn.
If this face-up card Jeaves the field
skip the Battle Phase of your next
turn.

C A)

& 3/0/0
CanDismanile 0
2 Cannot Disman


Frame 2071: iy set

2s = Gas

GR 22

Frame 2072: Lo

me o 2a000 ®2s00
(Draqaq/Atoct) a
W you control = "Galaxy—Eyes"
monster. Yuu cali Special Sumpon
\niseard irompverrtand iq Defense
Position
| 0 thiscard is'detachad trom ap av
Monste: to\activale ths! monster's
effect) You can take J 'Galaxy—
Eyes Prats Oragonl™ trom your
hand or Deck, and either Special “ye
Summon |f, of attach if to an Aye ~
Manster you contro! as mattelal
then. /f you activated this effect
wifo the Battle Mase, counle the:

ATW ad oll Mibiewbrar” Vir Rae


Frame 2073: Galney-EyesAterglow Dragon,

ec @ 3000 ®2s00

Wragowettoct
If you contro! a "Galaxy—Eyes"
monster, You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position
I this card is detached from an xyz
Monster to activate that monster's
effect; You can take 1 "Galaxy-
Eyes Photon Dragon" from your
hand or Deck. and either Special
Summan jt, or attach it to an Xyz
Monster you control as material,
then if you activated this effect
during the Batlle Phase, double the

ATM nf all "Rlimhne" Varz Manahaire

a -

(FA ow to obtain

& taro


Frame 2074: CR)
se)

+t
Monster to activate that monster's gy iva

effect: You can take 1 "Galaxy— | ay Al
Eyes Photon Dragon" from your Can Dismantie__0 =

hand or Deck, and either Special

Summon it, or attach it to an Xyz * annot Diamant

Monster you control as material,

then if you activated this effect

durhg the Bata Phase, double the

ATW nf all *Khiimhae" Vir Mansénce

en G 3000 2500
IDragawentet)
If you control.a "Galaxy-Eyes"
monster: You can Special Summary

this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

If this card is detached from an Xyz


Frame 2075: ze dese | 22

aa o ®s000 ®2500
(ragan/ettect!
IF you control a "Galaxy-Eyes"
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

If this card is detached from an Xyz
Monster to activate that monster's
ettect: You can take 1 "Galaxy—

Eyes Photon Dragon” from your

hand or Deck, and either Special
Summon it, or attach it to an Xyz
Monster you contral as material,

then if you activated this effect

during the Battle Phase, double the
ATW nt estore na INEretare!

=3

1
& ivaio
o

Can Dismantle

2 Cannot Bism

antle


Frame 2076: ze dese | a2

ae g ®s000 @2500

Wragan/ettect!
IF you control a "Galaxy-Eyes"
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

If this card is detached from an Xyz
Monster to activate that monster's
ettect: You can take 1 "Galaxy—
Eyes Photon Dragon” from your
hand or Deck, and either Special
Summon it, or attach it to an Xyz
Monster you contral as material,
then if you activated this effect

during the Battle Phase, double the
ATW nt estore oe INEsreare!

=3

1
& ivaio
o

Can Dismantle

2 Cannot Bism

antle


Frame 2077: ze dese | 22

aa Gg ®3000 ®2s500

(ragan/ettect!
IF you control a "Galaxy-Eyes"
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

If this card is detached from an Xyz
Monster to activate that monster's
ettect: You can take 1 "Galaxy—
Eyes Photon Dragon” from your
hand or Deck, and either Special
Summon it, or attach it to an Xyz
Monster you contral as material,
then if you activated this effect

during the Battle Phase, double the
ATW nt estore INEeretare!

=3

1
& jvaio
o

Can Dismantle

2 Cannot Dism

antle


Frame 2078: ze dese | 22

San Ais Do ES

aa g ®s3000 @2500

Wragonettect!
If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes”
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

If this card is detached from an Xyz
Monster to activate that monster's
effect: You can take 1 "Galaxy—
Eyes Photon Dragon” from your
hand or Deck, and either Special
Summon it, of attach it to an Xyz
Monster you cantral as material,
then if you activated this effect

during the Battle Phase, double the
ATW nt

Sra So Renee

(Chreiatea cae) Cards

(me «1 |

& ino
CanDismantie 0 =f )

& Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2079: iy set

ye eae —_——_—-

Galaxy-Eyes Afterglow Dragan
aa o ®a000 $2500
(Dragon/Effect} = (ss

If you control a "Galaxy—Eyes”
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

If this card is detached from an Xyz
Monster to activate that monster's
effect: You can take 1 "Galaxy—
Eyes Photon Dragon” from your
hand or Deck, and either Special
Summon it, or attach it to an Xyz
Monster you contral as material,

then if you activated this effect

during the Battle Phase, double the
ATw nt

Stroh Wiis INR niesebre!

& imo
Can Dismantie 0 = —

cy

(Careontea cue) Cards

Cannot Dismantle

Generate


Frame 2080: Galaxy-Eyes Afterglow Dragon)

@n @ @s000 2500

MDragoneteet)

IF you control a "Galaxy—Eyes"

monster: You can Special Summon

& is card from your hand in Defense
‘osition.

} this card is detached from an Xyz
Monster to activate that monster's
effect; You can take 1 "Galaxy—
Eyes Photon Dragon” from your
hand or Deck, and either Special
Summon it, of attach it to an Xyz
Monster you contral as material,
then if you activated this effect
during the Battle Phase, double the

ATW nf all "Alimhar" Vir Manctarn

aD


Frame 2081: iy set

zis Gas

GR 22

Frame 2082: iy set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 2083: Soltis ne Fee

@e ® @2a00 ©2100

Warrior/Etect!
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
Dragon Fusion Monsisr; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
If this card is Special Summoned;
You can target 1 Attack Position
monster on the field; change it to
Detense Position,

You can Tribute this card: add 1
Level 7 or higher Warrior monster
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Saldier Gaia the Fierce
Knight".

You can only use each effect of

Ca)
=

tino
Can Dismantie 0

& anne

(——

Diemantis


Frame 2084: 501

ee

Saldier Gala the Fierce Kni

es @ S200 62100

|) DWarrlor/Effect] —a

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
Dragon Fusion Monster; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
If this card is Special Summoned:
You can target 1 Attack Position
monster on the field; change it to
Detense Position

You can Tribute this card: add 1
Level 7 or higher Warrior monster
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Soldier Gaia the Fierce
Knight".

You can only use each effect of

«a
/
(ey -1

1
& ivoia

Can Dismantie 0


Frame 2085: ze dese | | he

Soldier Gaia the Fierce Knight AL

es 8 %2s00 2100

(Warrlor/effect] = |
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
Dragon Fusion Monster; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
if this card is Special Summoned;
You can target 1 Attack Position
monster on the field: change it to
Detense Position

You can Tribute this card; add 1
Level 7 or higher Warrior monster
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Soldier Gaia the Fierce
Knight".

You can only use each effect of

& ivoro

Sen Klamentin 0"

Cannot

ca

Gener


Frame 2086: ze dese 22

Sole Gat lhe Farce KANT

es 8 %2s00 2100

Wartorettect)
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
Dragon Fusion Monster; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
if this card is Special Summoned;
You can target 1 Attack Position
monster on the field: change it to
Detense Position

You can Tribute this card; add 1
Level 7 of higher Warrior monster
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Soldier Gaia the Fierce
Knight".

You can only use each effect of

& ivoio

Con Diamante 0 (ET 1 ]

ca

Cannot

Gener


Frame 2087: ze dese | 22

Soldier Gaia the Fierce Knight

@5 8 ®2s00 2100

Warrorfettect)
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
Dragon Fusion Monster; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
if this card is Special Summoned;
You can target 1 Attack Position
monster on the field: change it to
Detense Position

You can Tribute this card; add 1
Level 7 of higher Warrior monster
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Soldier Gaia the Fierce
Knight".

You can only use each effect of

1

ivoio

i

Candismantie 0 [ES

ca

Cannot ©

Gener


Frame 2088: @s 0 @2e00 $2100

WarlovEfteed
(Quick Effect); You can Tribute 1
Dragon Fusion Monster; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
di this card is Special Summoned;

ou can target 1 Attack Position
monster on the field; change it to
Defense Position.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
Level 7 ar higher Warrior monster
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Soldier Gala the Fierce
Knight*.
You can only use each effect of

= _a
(Be —_-
Cannot Dismantic

& ioio
a

Can Dismantle


Frame 2089: iy set

2s Gas

GR 22

Frame 2090: iy set

zis Gas

GR 22

Frame 2091: Timaeus the United Dragon

ecg @2a00 @1800
(Oragowettet)
You can send 1 Spellcaster

monster, or | Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician”. from

your hand or face-up lield to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your Hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 7 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
mansters from your hand ar field as.
material, including  Spellcaster
monster

You can only use each effect of

(da How to onian

L

Ps

Fs 3j0/0

Can Dismantie 0

>)

=

anno

Digmantic


Frame 2092: 501

as ss Ghee

Timaeus the United Dragon

es © 2800 ©1500

(Dragewenteet]
You can send 1 Spelicaster
monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician”. from
your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spellcaster
monster.

‘ou can only use each effect of

] aD
|
(3)
Cz)

‘annot

& 2/0/0

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2093: ®2e00 1800
WDragon/etect}
You can send 1 Spellcaster

monster, of 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions “Dark Magician". from

your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spelicaster
monster.

can only ach effect of

(Al How wonuin
Related Cards

Bo o+i

(eo)

Cannot Dismantio

2
& by0/0

Can Pismantie 0


Frame 2094: as se Ghee

Timaeus the United Dragon

8 @2en0 #1800

Wragon/ettect}
You can send 1 Spellcaster
monster, of 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician", from
your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spelicaster
monster.

can only

(Ai How nmin


Frame 2095: @2en0 #1800

WDragon/eftect}
You can send 1 Spellcaster
monster, of 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician", from
your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters fram your hand or field as
material, including a Spelicaster
monster.

can only

ach effect of

How to Obtain

(Cretaea cae) Cards

_ C=
Conismantis 0 EY
: Cannot Diemantic


Frame 2096: ze dese | | 22

Timaeus the United Dragon GD

aso @ze00 1800
(ragon/ettect!
You can send 1 Spellcaster

monster, of 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician", from

your hand or face-up field to the

GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using

monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spelicaster
monster.

can only

ach effect of

== Gp
[| arom)

=f
& Cannot Dismantie

& 2/010

CanDismantie 0


Frame 2097: iy set

ze dese | 22

Timaeus the United Dragon GED

an @ @®ze00 ®1500
(Oragon/ettect!
You can send 1 Spelicaster

monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician", from

your hand or face-up field to the

GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using

monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spelicaster
monster.

can only

ach effect of

—= =D
2

CanDismantie 0
& Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2098: iy set

ze dese | 22

Timaeus the United Dragon ee]

an @ @ze00 ©1500
(Oragonettect!
You can send 1 Spelicaster

monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician", from

your hand or face-up field to the

GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using

monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spelicaster
monster.

can only

ach effect of

— aD
2

CanDismantie 0
& Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2099: iy set

ze dese | ze

Timaeus the United Dragon ___&

an @ @ze00 ®1500

You can send 1 Spellcaster
monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions “Dark Magician". from

your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as Cannot Dismantie
material, including a Spelicaster

monster.
can only ach effect of - rate 30


Frame 2100: i) 501

ee: CT

Timaeus the United Dragon _ &

aa e ®2e00 @1500

(Dragon/Effect] =——— |
You can send 1 Spelicaster
monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician”, from
your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand,

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spellcaster
monster.

can only

ach effect of

|
Zz

Cannot Dismantle

& 3/0/0

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2101: a) 501

Ce: SC IE

a5 e ®2e00 @1500

(Dragon/Etteet]
You can send 1 Spellcaster
monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician”, from
your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spellcaster
monster.

can only ach effect of

|


Frame 2102: a) 501

Ce: CT IE

Timaeus the United Dragon “Zs

a5 e ®2e00 @1500

(Dragon/Effect] |
You can send 1 Spellcaster
monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician”, from
your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spellcaster
monster.

can only

ach effect of

|
1

3/0/0

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2103: a) 501

(2s se ae

Timaeus the United Dragon —__ §

a5 e ®2e00 @1500

(Dragon/Effect] pe |
You can send 1 Spellcaster
monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that
mentions "Dark Magician”, from
your hand or face-up field to the
GY; Special Summon this card from
your hand.

During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spellcaster
monster.

can only ach effect of

CA)
i=
1

Cannot Dismantic

& 3/0/0

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2104: @5 G @ze00 ®1800
WDragonEtest)
You can send 1 Spellcaster
monster, or 1 Spell/Trap that

ventions "Dark Magician". from

our hand or face-up field to the

| Special Summon this card from

your hand
During your Main Phase: You can
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster
from your Extra Deck, using
monsters from your hand or field as
material, including a Spelicaster
monster.
You can only use each effect of

& 2/010
a

Can Dismantle 0

:

a,

Cannot Di


Frame 2105: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2106: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2107: |

oe @ea00 ®2100
(Faiyettecd

You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token’ to
Special Summer this card from your
hand,

While this card is in your Graveyard,
each time a monster(s} your
‘opporent controls is removed from
play, Special Summon 1 "eva
Token” (Fiend—Type/DARK/Level
2/ATK SOO/DEF 500).

CA)

& oot

Can Bismactia 0


Frame 2108: 501

20 se dz

Zeta Goeller)

eva ®zan0 62100

(Falry/etect!
You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to
Special Summon this card from your
hand.

While this card is in your Graveyard,
each time a monster(s) your
opponent controls is removed from
play, Special Summon 1 "eva

Token” (Fiend—Type/DARK/Level
2/ATK 500/DEF 500)

h

( )
Ci
Ey =T

|
a
& ovals

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 2109: a) 501

ee: eC IE

Zeta Reticulant = a»

a7 @ ®zan0 Gz100

{Fairy/etteci|

You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to
Special Summon this card from your

hand. ued

While this card is in your Graveyard, 1

each time a monsters) your Boe
opponent controls is removed from ovat

play, Special Summon 1 "eva eo o1
Token” (Fiend—Type/DARK/Level Can Dismantle OES

2/ATK 500/DEF 500)

i Cannot £


Frame 2110: a) 501

ee: SEC IE

© 2 iienaete CA)

{Faiy/eteet!

You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to
Special Summon this card from your

hand. uid

While this card is in your Graveyard, 1

each time a monster(s) your Bo o+t
opponent controls is removed from ori

play, Special Summon 1 "eva ( |
Token" (Fiend—Type/DARK/Level Can Dismantic 0 _

2/ATK 500/DEF 500)

i Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2111: a) 501

ee: eC IE

©. aienaena CA)

{Faiy/efeet!_____

You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to
Special Summon this card from your

hand. uid

While this card is in your Graveyard, 1

each time a monster(s) your Bo o+
opponent controls is removed from oi

play, Special Summon 1 "eva ( |
Token" (Fiend—Type/DARK/Level Can Dismantie 0 Eo

2/ATK 500/DEF 500)

i Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2112: a) 501

ee: SC IE

a7 8 ®zan0 2100
(rairy/ettect]
You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to
Special Summon this card from your
hand.

While this card is in your Graveyard,
each time a monster(s) your
opponent contrals is removed from
play, Special Summon 1 “eva
Token” (Fiend—Type/DARK/Level
2/ATK 500/DEF 500)


Frame 2113: Zeta Reticulant er: |

a7 8 @2a00 2100

(ratry/ettect]
You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to
Special Summon this card [rom your

and.
hile this card is in your Graveyard,

ach time a monster(s) your
‘opponent contrals is removed from
play, Special Summon 1 "Eva
Token" (Fiend—Type/DARK/Level
2/ATK S00/DEF 500)

(= )
GEE

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2114: sor zie | se

GR 22

Frame 2115: <
r Chacging Gaia the Fierce Koiaht

o7 6 e230 @zi00
(Warriar/ Etfootl m 2
You can Norma! Summon this card
without Tlauting.

rd Ibid i Nomad Summoned

without Tribuling, ils oyiainal ATK

| becomes 1900

Wihls card ig fributed: You can add
1 "Black Luster Soldier” monster
from your Deck to your hand. ‘
You can onlyuse-thiseftector® El

“Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight’ ota
onee per tum


Frame 2116: eo 9 2300 ©2100
Warrlovetect]

You can Normal Summon this card
without Tribuling.

If this card is Normal Summoned
without Tributing, its original ATK
becomes 1900,

Hf this card is Tributed: You can add
1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster
trom your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight”
‘once per turn.

Ca)

& toro

Can Dismantia 0

{> Cannot Diamantis


Frame 2117: sor zie dese 22
Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight) a»

a7 8 @2300 @2100
You can Normal Summon this card
without Tributing. (a asi eis
IF this card is Normal Summoned

<q without Tributing, its original ATK 1 >
becomes 1900. Bo
If this card is Tributed: You can add = —_t/0/0.
1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster a my +1
from your Deck to your hand. os

You can only use this effect of . .
"Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight" San Sil a
once per turn.


Frame 2118: a) 501

ee: SC IE

Chovging Gan the Free Kahl

a7 8 ®z300 ®2100

(Warrorfettect]
You can Normal Summon this card
without Tributing,

If this card is Normal Summoned
without Tributing, its original ATK
becomes 1900,

If this card is Tributed: You can add
1 “Black Luster Soldier” monster
from your Deck to your hand
You can only use this effect of
"Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight"
once per turn.

& jso10
Can Dismantie

Cannot Dismantle
uu ae


Frame 2119: a) 501

ee: SC IE

Chovgng Gan the Free kag

a7 8 ®z300 #2100

(Warrtorfettect]
You can Normal Summon this card
without Tributing,

If this card is Normal Summoned
without Tributing, its original ATK
becomes 1900,

If this card is Tributed: You can add
1 "Black Luster Soldier” monster
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight"
once per turn.

1
& jso10
=

Can Dismantle


Frame 2120: a) 501

SC IE

Chovgng Gan the Free kag

a7 8 ®z300 #2100

(Warrorfettect]
You can Normal Summon this card
without Tributing,

If this card is Normal Summoned
without Tributing, its original ATK
becomes 1900.

If this card is Tributed: You can add
1 "Black Luster Soldier” monster
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight"
once per turn.

1
& js010
al

Can Dismantle


Frame 2121: a) 501

ee: SC IE

Chovgng Gan the Ferce kag

a7 8 ®za00 ®2100

{Wartovfetect] NN
You can Normal Summon this card
without Tributing,

IF this card is Normal Summoned
without Tributing, its original ATK
becomes 1900,

If this card is Tributed: You can add
1 “Black Luster Soldier" monster
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Charging Gala the Fierce Knight"
once per turn.

1

& jso10

Can Dismantle


Frame 2122: a) 501

ee: SCT IE

Chovgng Gan he Perce Kagh LS

a7 8 ®z300 ®2100

{Wartovfetect] NN
You can Normal Summon this card
without Tributing,

IF this card is Normal Summoned
without Tributing, its original ATK
becomes 1900,

IF this card is Tributed: You can add
1 “Black Luster Soldier" monster
from your Deck to your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Charging Gala the Fierce Knight"
once per turn.

1

& jso10

Can Dismantle =I
& Cannot £ antie
conway &


Frame 2123: a) 501

Ce: SC IE

Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight | so
a7 2 2300 #2100 CR)
(Warrlorfettect! |
You can Normal Summon this card

without Tributing. |
If this card is Normal Summoned

without Tributing, its original ATK 1 m+ )
Becomes 1900, (fe 4)
If this card is Tributed: You can add & jyoio e. )
1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster zi

from your Deck to your hand. OTE Ee

You can only use this effect of =
“Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight"
once per turn.


Frame 2124: Charging Gale the Fierce Knight)

e7 0 @2200 $2100
Wantoryettet]
You can Normal Summen this card
without Tributing,

this card is Normal Summoned

f
< hout Tributing, ils original ATK
yecomes 1900,
If this card is Tributed: You can add
1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster
from your Deck to your hand.
You can only use this effect of
"Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight"
once per turn.

(Aitiow to obtain

C A)

& j/0/0
“= — Gaz
ae Cannot Dismantie
Generate = -30


Frame 2125: sor epzie | se

GR 22

Frame 2126: <

e7 8 wespo @e10
Wharrigr/Etfectd a

your ofponent eontrols a mansier
and you Conte) re monsters. yau

7 carr Special Summmunr is cand (rom
<q your hand)
| Opce'per tuni if @ maAster(s) with

ATK higher than this card ls Special
Summoned to your opponent 5 lieid

(except during (te Damage Step) sefaeDismantia 1 (e2

You can make this card gain 700 | eal
a) ATIC until the end of this wurr Dicmantie Ge +10

eres 30

aa

Frame 2127: Low Gala he Fave Kh)

@7 8 2300 ®2100
Werreveted]
If your opponent controls a monster
and you contro! no monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with
ATK higher than this card is Special
‘Summoned to your opponent's field
(except during the Damage Step)
You can make this card gain 700
ATK until the end of this turn,

Ca)
Ci

1

& 3/010


Frame 2128: 59

20 se dz

Lord Gale the FerceKrght| EY

e7 a 2300 ®2100

(Warrlor/ertecth —a
If your opponent controls a monster
and you control no monsters, you

can Special Summon this card (from

your hand). a 2

[la-@
i=

2
FE

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with Be
ATK higher than this card is Special gy 3/010

Summoned to your opponent's field ee
(except during the Damage Step): ‘Cari Dlkowantia 1

You can make this card gain 700

ATK until the end of this turn By dismantle @ +10

Ma Generate «=P -30


Frame 2129: i) 501

ee: SC IE

Tos Gas the Reva RE)

a7 8 ®2300 ®2100

(Warrlor/ettect]
IF your opponent controls a monster
and you control ne monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with
ATK higher than this card is Special
Summoned to your opponent's field
(except during the Damage Step):
You can make this card gain 700
ATK until the end of this turn,

“RE Dismantie

® +10


Frame 2130: a) 501

2s ese 22

Tov Gals the Fores gE)

a7 8 ®2300 #2100

(Warrior/etteet]

IF your opponent controls a monster
and you control no monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with
ATK higher than this card is Special
Summoned to your opponent's field
(except during the Damage Step):
You can make this card gain 700
ATK until the end of this turn,

Cm)
coins 1 (EX

& @ +10

2
& 2/010

Can Dismantle

Dismantie


Frame 2131: a) 501

ee: SC IE

Tos Gas the Reva RE)

a7 8 ®2z300 ®2100

Warlorfetteet)

IF your opponent controls a monster
and you control no monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with
ATK higher than this card is Special
Summoned to your opponent's field
(except during the Damage Step):
You can make this card gain 700
ATK until the end of this turn,

Ca)

& @ +10

2
& 2/010

Can Dismantle

Dismantie


Frame 2132: i) 501

ee: CT IE

Tos Gas th Reva RE]

a7 8 ®2300 ®2100

(Warrlor/ettect)

IF your opponent controls a monster
and you control no monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with
ATK higher than this card is Special
Summoned to your opponent's field
(except during the Damage Step):
You can make this card gain 700
ATK until the end of this turn,

Cm)
cones 1 (EX)

& @ +10

2
& 3/010

Can Dismantle

Dismantie


Frame 2133: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Tos Gas the Reva REE)

a7 8 ®2300 #2100

(Warrlor/ettect)
IF your opponent controls a monster
and you control ne monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with
ATK higher than this card is Special
Summoned to your opponent's field
(except during the Damage Step):
You can make this card gain 700
ATK until the end of this turn,

“RF Dismantie

® +10


Frame 2134: i) 501

2 ese 22

Tov Gas he Recs gh)

a7 8 ®2300 #2100

[Warrlor/etfeet] |

IF your opponent controls a monster
and you control no monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from
your hand).

Once per turn, if a monster(s) with
ATK higher than this card is Special
Summoned to your opponent's field
(except during the Damage Step):
You can make this card gain 700
ATK until the end of this turn.

Ch)

Ch Rea
2
& 3/010 ——

Can Dismantle
g> +10

43 Dismantic


Frame 2135: a ar a

a7 0 ®ezs00 2100

(Wartioyfettee) NL

If your opponent controls a monster
and you contrel ne monsters, you
can Special Summon this card (from

« hand).

a

ATK higher than this card Is Special 2/0/0

Summoned to your opponent's field — 5)
(except during the Damage Step): Cabaret ve
You can make this card gain 700

ATK until the end of this turn. As Diemantie = +10


Frame 2136: sor zie | ase

GR 22

Frame 2137: sor zis «= se

GR 22

Frame 2138: ‘Segmental Dragan
e7 8
[cyborssiEmect]

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing. but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved.
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card is on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destrcy all monsters in the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than.
‘or equal to the ATK this catd had
‘on the field.

(Atom tw ontn
o

> TCHR

Cannot Siam


Frame 2139: i) 501

20 se dz

Segmental Dragon |

ere @2en0 S2a00

[Cyberse/Effect) ns
You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved,
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card is on the field
(Quick Effect); You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destroy all monsters in the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
of equal to the ATK this card had
on the field.

—

Ai siow co obtain

ils

a
a ivan

Ly

+t

|

Boot

Cane

Generate | P


Frame 2140: a) 501

ee: eC IE

a7 8 Seen #2400
(Cyberse/Eftect) is

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved,
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card is on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destroy all monsters in the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
or equal to the ATK this card had
on the field

Troi
u

(eo +) +f

& ison ——

CanDismantie 0

EY

Cannot Disinantle


Frame 2141: i) 501

2s se ae

a7 8 Seen 2400
(Cyberse/Eftect)

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved,
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card js on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destroy all monsters in the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
or equal to the ATK this card had
on the field

Troi
i

(eo +) +1

& ison ——

CanDismantie 0

EY

Cannot Disinantle


Frame 2142: i) 501

Ce: SCT IE

a7 8 Seen ®2400
(Cyberse/Eftect) =

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved,
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card js on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destroy all monsters in the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
or equal to the ATK this card had
on the field

frit
1

(eo +) +1

& isoio —

CanDismantie 0

Ey

Cannot Disinantle


Frame 2143: i) 501

Ce: CT IE

®e2e00 200
{cyborse/ettect|

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved.
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card is on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destroy all monsters in the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
or equal to the ATK this card had
on the field

as “hi
oe Cannot Dismantie

1
& iso
Can Dismaniis 0


Frame 2144: a) 501

ee: CT IE

a7 a ®ze00 2400
(Cyberso/ettect!

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved.
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card js on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destroy all monsters jn the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
or equal to the ATK this card had
on the field

rei
1
& jsaio

Can Dismantle

oe Cannot Bismanile


Frame 2145: a) 501

ee: CT IE

Segmental Dragon __&

a7 a ®ze00 2400
(Cyberse/etfect!

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved.
Once per turn, if this Normal
Summoned/Set card js on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card, and if you do,
destroy all monsters jn the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
or equal to the ATK this card had
on the field

ivoio
y -1

oe Cannot Bismanile


Frame 2146: Segmental Dragon z _ €

e722 @2e00 2400

(cyberse/Ettecth
You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK/DEF becomes halved.

ince per turn, if this Normal

jummoned/Set card is on the field
(Quick Effect): You can destroy this
face-up card. and if you do,
destroy all monsters In the Main
Monster Zones with ATK less than
or equal to the ATK this card had
on the field

CRA
Eo! |

&

ivo/o
Can Dismantle 0

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2147: sor epzis |= se

GR 22

Frame 2148: <

Gala the Magieal nigh) a
7 * 0 ®2a00 ©2100
[Warripr/Ettoct] ——=

(This card Is also always treated &5
a "Gala The Fierce Knjoht’ card.)
W¥EIeALElino MOFislers, ar your
eppenent contruls 2 monster with

a | 2300 or more ATK, you can Nogmal

———
(eos

Summon this card without Tributing. —g _ —
if this-card is Normal or Special Sno iene ED. 4 |
Summoned: You can Special eee ( 4
Sumimon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster 9) >

from your hand or GY in Delense Bh aati

Positian

You can only-use this effect (of!

Generate =o "*)
Ca RE gl cara


Frame 2149: Ghia he Magica Koh!)

7 0 @2300 ©2100

WWarrovétect]
(This card is also always treated as
a “Gala The Fierce Knight” card.)

If you control no monsters, or your
pponent controls a monster with
2300 of more ATK, you can Normal
Summon this card without Tributing.
I this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can Special
Summon. 1 Level 5 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY in Defense
Position

You can only use this effect of
"Gala the Magical Knight" ance per

* toro
0

(How to obtain

me +

e-
ee)


Frame 2150: so

20 se dz

e7 2 @2300 62100

Warrtor/etfect]_
(This card is also always treated as

a "Gaia The Fierce Knight" card.)

If you control no monsters, or your
opponent controls a monster with
2300 or more ATK, you can Normal

mA)
mom)
ox
ol CED

Summon this card without Tributing. gy q10/0

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can Special
Summon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY in Defense
Position

You can only use this effect of
"Gala the Magical Knight" once per


Frame 2151: a) 501

ee: CT IE

Gun he wags pdt Ch)

a7 8 ®2300 2100

(Wariloretteet.

(This card is also always treated as

a “Gaia The Fierce Knight" card.)
If you control no monsters, or your

opponent controls a monster with 1

2300 or more ATK, you can Normal
Summon this card without Tributing. ge jaro

if this card is Normal or Special ee en sj
Summoned: You can Special San Dement 9 -
Summon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster

from your hand or GY in Defense “= Cannot Dismantl
Position.

You can only use this effect of ca ate @ -30
"Gala the Magical Knight" once per


Frame 2152: a) 501

ee: CT IE

Gunns wags abt ES) CR)

a7 8 ®2300 $2100

(Warilorettect.

(This card is also always treated as

a “Gaia The Fierce Knight" card.)
If you control no monsters, or your

opponent controls a monster with 1

2300 or more ATK, you can Normal
Summon this card without Tributing. ge jaro

if this card is Normal or Special ee ey ey
Summoned: You can Special San Dement 9 —
Summon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster

from your hand or GY in Defense = Cannot Dismantl
Position.

You can only use this effect of ca ate @-30
"Gala the Magical Knight" once per


Frame 2153: a) 501

ee: EC IE

Gus he wags abt) CR)

a7 8 ®2300 2100

(This card is also always treated as

a “Gaia The Fierce Knight" card.)
If you control no monsters, or your

opponent controls a monster with 1

2300 or more ATK, you can Normal
Summon this card without Tributing. ge jaro

if this card is Normal or Special ee en oy
Summoned: You can Special ———

Summon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster

from your hand or GY in Defense = Cannot Dismantl
Position.

You can only use this effect of ca ate = -30
"Gala the Magical Knight" once per


Frame 2154: a) 501

2s se ae

Gun the wag sdt_ ES)

a7 8 ©2300 62100

(Wartlor/ettect|_—__
(This card is also always treated as

a "Gaia The Fierce Knight" card.)

IF you control no monsters, or your
opponent controls a monster with 1
2300 or more ATK, you can Normal

Summon this card without Tributing. ge jaro
if this card is Normal or Special ee ee
Summoned: You can Special ———_

=F

Summon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY in Defense ial Cannot Dismantie

Position

You can only use this effect of "Bl Generate
"Gala the Magical Knight" once per

® -30


Frame 2155: Seo
e7 9 @®2500 @2100
(Wariorfetee)
(This card is also always treated 2s
a "Gaia The Fierce Knight" card.)

f you control ie monsters, or your

ponent controls a manster with

300 or more ATK, you can Normal
Summon this card without Tributing. ge fioio
IF this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 5 Dragon monster
from your hand or GY in Defense ay Cannot Dismantie
Position,
You can only use this effect of
"Gala the Magical Knight" once per

;

5.
ConDiemamis 0 (EY!

Wt Generaia «= -30


Frame 2156: sor zie | se

GR 22

Frame 2157: Tearlaments Kashtira

a7 « ®23p0
{Psyenie/Etfectl “=
During the Main Phase (Quick +
Effect); You can Special Suing
(hisseard frammyeur rand, and iF you
do, banish 1 “Kashtira” a1
‘Tesrlaments\card-from yourhand * |
a 2 m=
W thls card is\Normalior Special (by -
Summoned) You can send the top gfe Dismantle 1 m4
cards of either player's Deel ta the

Gy, { diomantls = +10 |

I this card is sent-to tne GY Ky

card effect; You can send the tap 2 30
cards of your Deek ta the GY J con ert


Frame 2158: jearlaments Kashtira , ee

eo # @2300 ©1200

[Psyehic/Ettect|
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can Special Summon
this card from your hand, and if you
do, banish 1 “Kashtira® or
"Tearlaments" card from your hand
or GY

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send the top 3
cards of either player's Deck to the
Gy

Ht this card is sent to the GY by
card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck to the GY.

a ijoro

Can Dismantle 1

Ca)

BE Dismantie

(Generate

@ v0
@® -30


Frame 2159: so

20 se dz

_Tearlaments Kashtira 8

a7 8 @2s0n 1200

(poycnic/ettect)
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can Special Summon

this card from your hand, and if you
do, banish 1 “Kashtira" or

- i |

ile

Ai ttow to optain

"Tearlaments" card from your hand Bo 4
or GY. a Fda

If this card is Normal or Special eo
Summoned: You can send the top 3 CanDismantle 1

cards of either player's Deck to the

Gy. 43 Dismantle +10
If this card is sent to the GY by

card effect: You can send the top 2 co Ge @® -30

cards of your Deck to the GY.


Frame 2160: a) 501

ee: CT IE

coe |

a7 ® ®ea00 #1200

(Psychic/Efect]
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can Special Summon
this card from your hand, and if you
do, banish 1 "Kashtira” or
"Tearlaments" card from your hand
or GY.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send the top 3
cards of either player's Deck to the
GY.

If this card is sent ta the GY by
card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck to the GY.

Ta.
=3

& ® +10

& jroo

Can Dismantie

Dismantle


Frame 2161: i) 591

2 ese | ae

Tearlaments Kashtira #8

a7 ® ®2a00 #1200

(PsychiciEfect)
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can Special Summon
this card from your hand, and if you
do, banish 1 "Kashtira” or
"Tearlaments" card from your hand
or GY.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send the top 3
cards of either player's Deck to the
GY.

If this card is sent ta the GY by
card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck to the GY.

Ta
=4

@® +10

Generate i -30

& jroo

Can Dismantle

acd
pr

Dismantle


Frame 2162: i) 501

SC IE

Tearlaments Kashtira —s

a7 ® ®ea00 #1200

Se
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can Special Summon
this card from your hand, and if you
do, banish 1 "Kashtira” or
"Tearlaments" card from your hand
or GY.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send the top 3
cards of either player's Deck to the
GY.

If this card is sent ta the GY by
card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck to the GY.

Ta
=4

@® +10

Generate i -30

& jroo

Can Dismantie

acd
pr

Dismantle


Frame 2163: i) 501

ee: eC

Tearlaments Kashtira as f Cn)
a7 ® ®2s00 #1200

During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can Special Summon y Comes)
this card from your hand, and if you Soe! OY
do, banish 1 “Kashtira” or

ss

or GY. i aro
if this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can send the top 3 GanDismantle __1
cards of either player's Deck to the

Gy. A Dismantle — @® +10
If this card is sent ta the GY by

card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck to the GY. “ft Genwratey Ge 80


Frame 2164: i) 501

ee: CT IE

Tearlaments Kashtira ~ of Cm)
a7 ® ®2a00 1200

(Peychicifffee)

During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect); You can Special Summon (Crotata cara)

this card from your hand, and if you Seren Oy

do, banish 1 “Kashtira” or |

"Tearlaments" card from your hand
=

ORGY & iyoio
if this card is Normal or Special (

Summoned: You can send the top 3 Can Dismantle

cards of either player's Deck to the
Gy. “RF Dismantle =P +10
If this card is sent ta the GY by

card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck to the GY. “ft Genwrate Ge 80


Frame 2165: a) 501

2s se 22

Tearlaments Kashtira —s)

a7 ® ®2300 #1200

(Paychicieftect]|____ Ty
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can Special Summon
this card from your hand, and if you
do, banish 1 "Kashtira” or
"Tearlaments" card from your hand
or GY.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send the top 3
cards of either player's Deck to the
Gy.

If this card is sent ta the GY by
card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck to the GY.

in

Can Dismantle

Dismantie


Frame 2166: Tearlaments Kashilra i

ee @®2300 61200

[Psychic/Effect]
During the Main Phase (Quick

Effect); You can Special Summon

this card from your hand, and if you

&:. banish 1 "Kashtira” or
earlaments" card from your hand
bathed & foro

IF this card is Normal or Special — a (
Summoned: You can send the top 3 S20 Dismantle 1,
cards of either player's Deck to the

Gy, 45 Disimantie
If this card js sent ta the GY by —

card effect: You can send the top 2
cards of your Deck ta the GY. “i bi )

C A)

110


Frame 2167: ser zie |= se

GR 22

Frame 2168: sor zie |= se

GR 22

Frame 2169: Dark Magician Girl _ we

ao e000 ©1700
ISpelleasterEtect]
Gains 300 ATK for every "Dark

Magician” or "Magician of Black
Chaos" in the GYs:

1


Frame 2170: Oe Ge Se He
(Dark Magician Gil Bn
es 2 —— eee ®1700
Gains EEE ATK for every “Dark.
Magician” or “Magician of Black ( Chroiaea cara)
Chaos" in the GYs. naa
« — cD) =)
EY

& 2/0/0

Can Dismat

Can Dismantie 0


Frame 2171: a) 501

ce: eC IE
Dark Magician Git

eo 0 TED
( Howto onan

Spellcaster/enect]
Gains 300 ATK for every "Dark

Magician" or "Magician of Black
Chaos" in the GYs.


Frame 2172: a) 501

ee: eC IE

Dak Maaican il)

en 9 2onp ®1700
(Spoteatter/etea_——__—NN
Gains 300 ATK for every “Dark

Magician" or "Magician of Black
Chaos" in the GYs.


Frame 2173: ser pzis «ese | 22

Dark Magician Gil Ch)
@n 9 ®20n0 ®1700 +]

(Spelicaster/Etteet]
Gains 300 ATK for every "Dark

Magician" or "Magician of Black
Chaos" in the GYs.


Frame 2174: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Dark Magician Git
@5 9 ®2000 ®1700
od
Gains 300 ATK for every “Dark

Magician" or "Magician of Black
Chaos" in the GYs.

CA)


Frame 2175: i 501

ee: CT IE

#20 ammo 61700 A

(Spellcaster/etect]
Gains 300 ATK for every "Dark

Magician" or "Magician of Black

Chaos" in the GYs.


Frame 2176: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Dark Magician Git! i as)

a5 9 2000 1700
(Spellcaster/etect)
Gains 300 ATK for every “Dark

Magician” or "Magician of Black
Chaos" in the GYs.

2
& 3/00

CanDismantie 0

‘Bt Generate

CR)

Cannot Dismantle

&


Frame 2177: Dark Magician Gil

en 0 ®zc00 61700
[Spellcaster/Enect]
Gains 300 ATK for every “Dark
Magician" or "Magician of Black
Chaos" in the GYs.

<


Frame 2178: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2179: ser zie | se

GR 22

Frame 2180: Raiza the StormManaich

a8 @2ano ©1000
(Winged Beasvettect]
If this card is Tribute Summoned:
Target 1 card on the field; place

that target on the top of the Deck.

Ca)

a

Bo +
& ‘oro

Bo.

Can Bismantle 0

Cannot Dlimntic


Frame 2181: 59

ae se az

So

es 6 ®zan0 1000
(Winged Beastettect]_

If this card is Tribute Summoned:
Target 1 card on the field; place
that target on the top of the Deck.

a fo


Frame 2182: i) 501

ee: SC IE

Raiza the Storm Mon:

If this card |s Tribute Summoned:
Target 1 card on the field; place
that target on the top of the Deck.

How to Obtain


Frame 2183: i) set

ee: eC IE

Raiza the Storm Mon:

If this card Is Tribute Summoned:
Target 1 card on the field; place
thal target on the top of the Deck.

a


Frame 2184: i) 501

pz Gse | 22

Raiza the Storm Mon:

if this card |s Tribute Summoned:
Target 1 card on the field; place
that target on the top of the Deck.

CA)
7
1
oes


Frame 2185: i) set

ee: eC IE

SS]

a 6 ®zan0 1900
(Winged Beast/ettect]
IF this card is Tribute Summoned:

Target 1 card on the field; place
thal target on the top of the Deck.

UI

1
& jio1o

CA)
:


Frame 2186: i) 501

2s se | 22

<<

a 6 ®zan0 1900
(Winged Beast/ettect])
If this card is Tribute Summoned:

Target 1 card on the field; place
thal target on the top of the Deck.

1
& jso10

CanDismantie 0

CA)

=
BD 1


Frame 2187: sor (p2is «se | 22
Raiza the Storm Monarch = ‘ :

ae 6 ®zan0 ®1000

{Winged Beast/etfect]” NNN
If this card is Tribute Summoned:

fr
as ct

Target 1 card on the field; place
1
& 4s010
Can Dismantie 0 )

thal target on the top of the Deck.

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2188: Raiza the Storm Monarch  @ =
eo @ @zan0 1900

(Winged Beasveneet

IF this card is Tribute Summoned:

Target 1 card on the field; place

that target on the top of the Deck,

<

CanDismantie 0


Frame 2189: ser zie |= se

GR 22

Frame 2190: ser zie | se

GR 22

Frame 2191: Chihenian Eneeor OF aN

oe ®@eann 1500
[Dragor/Geminieftect]
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard,

While this card is face—up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it be treated as an Effect
Monster with this effect:

This card can attack twice during
the same Battle Phase

Ca)

a
& i/aro
Can Dismantle 0 Ey al )


Frame 2192: co nC: oe
“Chthonian Emperor Dragon]

esc @2a00 ©1500
{(Drago/Gemini/efteci) NN

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard,

<q While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it be treated as an Effect
Monster with this effect:

@Blhis card can attack twice during
the same Battle Phase.


Frame 2193: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Chihonian Emperor Dragon
eae ®2an0 1500

(Dragon/Geminvettect
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field

or in the Graveyard.

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it be treated as an Effect
Monster with this effect:

@This card can attack twice during
the same Battle Phase.

(aA How o obtain to Obtain

& inn

CanDismantle 0 =I —

Be Carnot £

Generate =P

antle


Frame 2194: ser zis «Gese | 22

Chihonian Emperor Dragon Cm)
ee oo @2a00 1500
(Dragon/Geminvettect) oz
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field
or in the Graveyard.

C=E

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to

have it be treated as an Effect

Monster with this eftect: oad =v
@This card can attack twice during ‘Sen Dismantie _0.

the same Battle Phase.

2 Carnot £

Generate

antle


Frame 2195: ser 2s «ese | 22

Chihonian Emperor Dragon Cm)
ee o @2a00 1500
(Dragon/Geminvettect) oz
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field
or in the Graveyard.

=p

While this card js face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to

have it be treated as an Effect

Monster with this eftect: oad =v
@This card can attack twice during ‘Sen Pismantie _0.

the same Battle Phase.

2 Carnot £

Wl Generate

antle


Frame 2196: i) 501

y2ie se 22

can pee

aoe ®2a00 1500

(Dragon/Geminvettect)
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field

or in the Graveyard.

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it be treated as an Effect
Monster with this effect:

@This card can attack twice during
the same Battle Phase.

Ca)
|

c

;
1
:

Cannot

antle


Frame 2197: i) 501

2s se 22

Sco

aoc ®2a00 1500

(Dragon/Geminvettect)
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field

or in the Graveyard.

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it be treated as an Effect
Monster with this effect:

@This card can attack twice during
the same Battle Phase.

CA)
|

a
1

u
fm 4 (

Cannot

antle


Frame 2198: ser p2is «Gse | 22

Chihonian Emperor Dragon

ano ®2a00 ©1500
{ragon/GerlAVEMGEAT nN me)
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard,
While this card is face-up on the
 - C=”

field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it be treated as an Effect

Monster with this effect: ge o-1
@This card can attack twice during Sen Dismantis _0

the same Battle Phase.


Frame 2199: Chihonian Emperor Bragon CA)
as @ @eapo S1500

(Dragon/Geminvetecth Al How to Obiain
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field

or in the Graveyard, i

While this card is face—up on the

(aid, you can Normal Summon it to Boo
have it be treated as an Effect & i010

Monster with this effect: — — _ GR

CanDismantle 0

@7his card can attack twice during
the same Battle Phase.


Frame 2200: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2201: ser zis «| se

GR 22

Frame 2202: Prime Material Dragon

@e ®2a00 ©2000

{DragowEtfect] mn

Any effect that would inflict damage
to a player increases their LP by the

same amount, instead, u

When 2 card or effect is activated

that would destroy a monster(s) on Bo +t
the field (Quick Effect): You can a toro

send 1 card from your hand to the fo -1
GY; negate the activation, and if Caigwantias “0 |”

you do. destroy it


Frame 2203: 59

ze se azz

Prime Material Dragan  £ E

ese ®2a00 2000

[Dragon/Etfect] =
Any effect that would inflict damage
to a player increases their LP by the
same amount, instead.

When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a monsters) on

|

1
— B+

the field (Quick Effect): You can 2 i/o/0

By 1
Sinecate tre neteaton ane (abana F2 }

send 1 card from your hand to the

you do, destroy it

a &


Frame 2204: i) 501

2s Gse | 22

Prime Material Dragon —"*)

en @

(Dragon/effect]
Any effect that would inflict damage
to a player increases their LP by the
same amount, instead,

When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a monster(s) on
the field (Quick Effect): You can

send 1 card from your hand to the
GY; negate the activation, and if

you do, destroy it

mca)
|
& ivoio =

CanDismantle 0

a Cannot £

antle


Frame 2205: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Prime Material Dragon

eae ®2an0 2000
(Dragon/effect]
Any effect that would inflict damage
to a player increases their LP by the
same amount, instead,

When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a monster(s) on
the field (Quick Effect): You can
send 1 card from your hand to the
GY; negate the activation, and if

you do, destroy it

mca)
|
& ivoio =

CanDismantle 0

ES Cannot

antle


Frame 2206: i) 501

yz ese 22

ine

eae ®z2an0 2000
(Dragon/etfect]
Any effect that would inflict damage
to a player increases their LP by the
same amount, instead,

When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a monster(s) on
the field (Quick Effect): You can
send 1 card from your hand to the
GY; negate the activation, and if

you do, destroy it

mca)
|
& ivoio =

CanDismantle 0

ES Cannot £

antle


Frame 2207: i) 501

ee: eC IE

eae ®z2an0 2000
(Dragon/etfect]
Any effect that would inflict damage
a player increases their LP by the
e amount, instead.

When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a monster(s) on
the field (Quick Effect): You can
send 1 card from your hand to the
GY; negate the activation, and if

you do, destroy it

mca)
[| Ga)

fl

CanDismantie 0

Es Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2208: i) 501

pz se 22

La

eae ®z2an0 2000
(Dragon/etfect]
Any effect that would inflict damage
a player increases their LP by the
e amount, instead.

When a card or effect is activated
that would destroy a monster(s) on
the field (Quick Effect): You can
send 1 card from your hand to the
GY; negate the activation, and if

you do, destroy it

mca)
nic

fl

CanDismantle 0

Es Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2209: i) 501

2s se 22

Prime Material Dragan —s)
ae @ @zann 82000
(Dragon/effect]
Any effect that would inflict damage
to a player increases their LP by the

same amount, instead.

a
When a card or effect is activated
“1

=a

|
the field (Quick Effect): You can 2 jyo/o @. )

send 1 card from your hand to the
GY; negate the activation, and if Can Dismontia 0
you do, destroy it

FE: Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2210: Prime Material Dragan — @ =

en ®2a00 2000 Lz

{Dragon/itect]____ NL
Any effect that would inflict damage
to a player Increases their LP by the =
ame amount. instead.
q a card or effect is activated

jal would destroy a monster(s) on
the field (Quick Effect): You can jroo

&
send 1 card from your hand to the 7 (1
GY; negate the activation, and if Can Dismantie 0 (™ _ “a
you do, destroy it.


Frame 2211: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2212: ser zie «| se

GR 22

Frame 2213: any 2300 ©1800
[Fiend/Ettect!
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated.

I this card destroys a LIGHT

monster by battle, it can allack

‘once again in a row.

& Horo

Can Dismantla 0


Frame 2214: qiyss1 @pzie se) dB 22
Brain Golem __ F —i

@a ¥ ®zs00 ©1800

[Fiend/Ettect)__
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated,

If this card destroys a LIGHT

monster by battle, it can attack 1
once again in a row.


Frame 2215: ser p2is Gse | 22
BrainGolem

a5 ¥ oz 1800

(rend/étect) as
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated,

IF this card destroys a LIGHT

monster by battle, it can attack

once again in a row,


Frame 2216: ser 2s «Gse | 22
BrainGolem

a5 ¥
(Fend/ettect)
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated,

If this card destroys a LIGHT
monster by battle, it can attack
once again in a row.


Frame 2217: ser 2s Gse | 22
Brain Golem _

a5 ¥ oz 1800

(Fieng/ettect)
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated,

IF this card destroys a LIGHT

monster by battle, it can attack

once again in a row,


Frame 2218: i) 501

ee: eC IE

iacme

ao y ®zs00 1500
(Fend/ettect)
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated,

IF this card destroys a LIGHT

monster by battle, it can attack

once again in a row,

CA)

;
af =
aaa «( )

* Cannot Dis

antie


Frame 2219: i) 501

2s se 22

(Fiend/etfect)
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated,

IF this card destroys a LIGHT

monster by battle, it can attack

once again in a row,

1
& —ine
af at
CanDismantle 0 co)
‘Generate «= -30


Frame 2220: Brain Golem
aa © @zs00 1800
(iendiettet]

Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters
are negated,
/f this card destroys a LIGHT
qnonster by battle, it can attack
nce again in a row.

Rejated Car
+t
jso0
——
CanDismantie 0 | ES ,

cy

.

Generate @ -30


Frame 2221: ser 21s | se

GR 22

Frame 2222: (ser ep2ie | se

GR 22

Frame 2223: General Raiho of the lee Barries a

ee 0 e100 ©2500
Warrovetfoct]

When your opponent's monster
effect activated on the figid
resolves, they must discard 1 card
‘or the effect is negated (their
choice),

(Ai How wo ontan

L]

& ijoro

Can Dismantle

™ Generate BD -30


Frame 2224: (iyss1 @epzie eae i 22
eral Raiho ofthelce Barrier

5 8 2100 2300
[Warrior/Etfect] =
When your opponent's monster

effect activated on the field

resolves, they must discard 1 card

or the effect is negated (their

choice).


Frame 2225: i) 501

@u Se He
General Raiho of the Ice Battier = aD
en 8 ®2100 @2300

Warriorettect!
When your opponent's monster

effect activated on the field

resolves, they must discard 1 card

or the effect is negated (their

choice).

& isoo

CanDismantle 1


Frame 2226: i) 501

@ue Se He
General Raho of the ice Battier 8)
es 8 ©2100 @2300

Warorettect!
When your opponent's monster

effect activated on the field

resolves, they must discard 1 card

or the effect is negated (their

choice).

CanDismantle 1


Frame 2227: iy set

@u Se Hx
General Raiho of the Ice Battier =
en 8 ®2100 @2300

Warriorettect!
When your opponent's monster

effect activated on the field

resolves, they must discard 1 card

or the effect is negated (their
choice).

& isoio

CanDismantle 1

lo)
g -1


Frame 2228: iy 501

@u Se He
General Raiho of the Ice Battier 3. =
eo ®2100 2300

Warriorettect!
When your opponent's monster

effect activated on the field

resolves, they must discard 1 card

or the effect is negated (their
choice).

& isoio

CanDismantle 1

om)
g -1


Frame 2229: iy 501

ee: eC IE
General Raiho of the Ice Battier = ai
es 8 ®z2100 #2300

Warrlorettect!
When your opponent's monster

effect activated on the field

resolves, they must discard 1 card

or the effect is negated (their
choice).

& isoio
CanDismanie 1 (ES! }


Frame 2230: Cowl fatoa atta
@s a @2100 ®2300
(Warlerfetect|

When your opponent's monster
effect activated on the field

solves, they musi discard 1 card
the effect is negated (their
S:hoice),


Frame 2231: ser zie | se

GR 22

Frame 2232: ®)

tee) Fane St

ecw 1800 @ie00
(Besst-Wartor/EMart| ——

Your appanent cannot taryst-(h|s
card with card effects.

You Gay deélate 1 cam lyoe

(Moi Shell, or Trap), send the
tem.card of youy Dack to the
Graveyard, then |i ifwas the
declated card type, you can Special
Summon 7 FIRE monster fray your
hand or Graveyard, Pare
You can only'use this effect al
"Hazy Flame Spliyx” once per turn


Frame 2233: Hazy Flame Sphynx =e]

ew 1300 ©1800
WWeast-Warrtor/Ettect)

Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects.

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, of Trap); send the
top card af your Deck to the
Graveyard, then If it was the
declared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand of Graveyard

You can only use this effect of
"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn

& taro

Can Dismantia 1

&

Dismantie

Generate

®@ 10
@ -30


Frame 2234: (sor @pzie ae i 22

eo © 1800 S1s00

(Beast-Warrlor/efect]
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects.
You can declare 1 card type

< (Monster, Spell, of Trap), send the
top card of your Deck to the

Graveyard, then if it was the & ivosa

declared card type, you can Special me =
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your  CanDismantle 1 sl

hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect of AS Dismantic = @ +10

"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn =
Wil Generate

(Ai tiow to ovtain

5 eZ


Frame 2235: a) 501

(pz se 22

eo ®1s00 ©1200
(Boast-Warrlor/etfect)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects,

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, or Trap), send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then it it was the
declared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect ot

"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

C fi)
 e - )
| GE


Frame 2236: ay 501

(pz se 22

eo ®1s00 1200
(Boast-Warrlor/etfect)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects,

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, or Trap), send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then it it was the
declared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect ot

"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

|

1
Bo +1
& iva
Can Dismantle Ho
- Dismantie §=—-@Y +10


Frame 2237: iy 501

yz se 22

eo 1800 ©1200
(Beast-Warrlor/entecd
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects,

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, or Trap), send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then it it was the
deciared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect ot

"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

1
Bo +1
£ iva
Can Dismantle Ho
- Dismantile §~=—-@P +10


Frame 2238: iy 501

en: eC IE

en wv ®1s00 #1300

(Beast-Warrlor/effec)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects,

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, or Trap); send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then if it was the
declared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect of
"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

WM Related Cards
1
& isso
Can Dismantle at )

- Dismantie §=—-@Y +10

Wl Generate «= -30


Frame 2239: i) 501

(p2ie se 22

Yay ae oye

as w ®1so0 @1300

(Beast-Warrlor/efted)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects,

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, ot Trap); send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then if it was the
deciared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect of
"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

a-

|
1

& jvoro

Can Dismantle
+10

Generals -30

Dismantie

Ea
7


Frame 2240: i) 501

(yz se 22
| as
@s w @®1so00 61300

(Beast-Warrlor/EMect)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects.

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, or Trap); send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then if it was the
deciared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect of
"Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

|

1

& jroo

Can Dismante = )
+10

Generate 30

Dismantie

#
i


Frame 2241: a) set

ee: eC IE

Hazy Flame Sphynx =

@s w ®1s00 1300

[Beast-Warrior/effect)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects.

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, or Trap); send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then if it was the
deciared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect of
“Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

CA)

-S  Dismantle


Frame 2242: i) 501

(yz se 22

Hazy Flame Sphynx =—s

@s w ®1s00 @1300

[Beast-Warrior/Effec)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects.

You can declare 1 card type
(Monster, Spell, or Trap); send the
top card of your Deck to the
Graveyard, then if it was the
deciared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard

You can only use this effect of
“Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.

|
1

& ioio

Can Dismantle “4 j

A Dismantie §=— +10

"BI Generate «= -30


Frame 2243: Hazy Flame Sphynx a |

eo w @1s00 61500

(Beast-Warrlor/Effect)
Your opponent cannot target this
card with card effects,

You can declare 1 card type
<fiensie Spell, or Trap); send the

p card of your Deck to the

Graveyard, then if it was the
declared card type, you can Special
Summon 1 FIRE monster from your
hand or Graveyard
You can only use this effect of
“Hazy Flame Sphynx” once per turn

jroo
Can Dismantle 1

ae

(ee 9 |
@ v0

Generate 4-30

4S Dismantie


Frame 2244: ser zie |= ae

GR 22

Frame 2245: ®)

Blackwing ~ Simon the Pal

@e « 1200 2000
(Wirged Beast/Effect a |
I you contra! jojmonsters and have
this card fh your Nand; You can,
banish | other “Blackwing” monsier
fiom your hanc: place 1 “Black
Whitlwind" from yeur Deck face-up
(your Spell & Trap Zone, then
aither send this card to the GY, of
Immediately aller tais-ettect Bho Diamante
resolves. Normal Summon it without » J {
Tributing: You cannoteSpecial i )
Sunes monsien man mecca (Ae Bemanis +10 j

Deck for the rest O! this turn, except


Frame 2246: er f 1800 ©2000

[Winged Beast/Efect] NN
if you control no monsters and have
this card in your hand: You can
banish 1 other “Blackwing” monster
from your hand; place 1 "Black
Whirlwind" from your Deck face-up
in your Spell & Trap Zone, then
either send this card to the GY, or
immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal! Summon it without
Tributing. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters.

ane niin tke

& 3/0/0

Can Dismantle 1

Ay Dismantle «= GF 10

Generate -30


Frame 2247: sr Hae Bw De
Blackwing ~ Simeon the Poison Wind i)

es © @1s00 ®z000

(Winged Beastettect)
If you control no monsters and have
this card in your hand: You can
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster
from your hand; place 1 “Black

WB Related Cards
Whirlwind” from your Deck face-up Bo
in your Spell & Trap Zone, then, 20/0
other send this card to he GY, ne (i |
immediately after this effect Can Dismantle
resolves, Normal Summon it without
Summon monsters from the Extra Age Pg

Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters. ‘Generale © -30

Wisse exae sore diese tinle edeboet SE

Ai tiow to obtain

2


Frame 2248: i) 501

ze se

Blackwing ~ Simon the Poison
5 6 ®1en0
(Winged BeastEttect]
If you control no monsters and have
this card in your hand: You can
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster
from your hand; place 1 "Black
Whirlwind” from your Deck face-up

in your Spell & Trap Zone, then,
either send this card to the GY, or
immediately after this effect

resolves, Normal Summon it without
Tributing. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters.

Viste exae Sie vies ale eee

Ry Dismantle §=—@ +10

tl Generate «= -30


Frame 2249: (ser 21s «ese || 22

Blackwing ~ Simeon the Poison

a5 ® ®1e00 2000
(Winged BeastEttect]
If you control no monsters and have
this card in your hand: You can
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster
from your hand; place 1 “Black
Whirling" from your Deck face-up

in your Spell & Trap Zone, then,
either send this card to the GY, or
immediately after this effect

resolves, Normal Summon it without
Tributing. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters. Ml Generate © -30

Viste cxane tint vies ale RARE

“Ry Dismantle = @ +10


Frame 2250: ser zis «Gse | a2

Blackwing ~ Simeon the Poison

a5 & ®1e00 @2000
(Winged BeastEttect]
If you control no monsters and have
this card in your hand: You can
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster
from your hand; place 1 “Black
Whirling" from your Deck face-up

in your Spell & Trap Zone, then,
either send this card to the GY, or
immediately after this effect

resolves, Normal Summon it without
Tributing. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters. tl Generate «= -30

Viste crane ticle vies alee One

Ry Dismantle = @ +10


Frame 2251: a) 501

ze ae
Blackwing ~ Simoon the Poison C )
as ® ®1e00 @2000

(Winged Beastettect]
If you control no monsters and have
this card in your hand: You can
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster
from your hand; place 1 “Black
Whirlwind” from your Deck face-up
in your Spell & Trap Zone, then,
either send this card to the GY, or
immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon it without
Tributing. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters.

Viste cmae ticle vies ale eee

jj =
|
& 20/0

Can Dismantle J )

tl Generate «= -30


Frame 2252: ay 501

(yz se 22

To aD

as & ®1e00 @2000

{Winged Beat/EHect] ls

If you control no monsters and have

this card in your hand: You can (Carnes co)
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster ada}
from your hand; place 1 "Black 2
Whirlwind" from your Deck face-up

in your Spell & Trap Zone, then, —
either send this card o the GY, or 2/0/60

ut

immediately atter this effect Can Dismantle

resolves, Normal Summon it without

Tributing. You cannot Special

Summon monsters from the Extra gg Alt

Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters. “B! Generate

Viste cmae ticle vies ile eee


Frame 2253: iy set

(y2ie se 22

Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind
5 6 ® 1800 $2000
Winged Beast/eftest)

If you control no monsters and have
this card in your hand: You can
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster
from your hand; place 1 "Black
Whirlwind” from your Deck face-up
in your Spell & Trap Zone, then,
either send this card to the GY, or
immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon it without
Tributing. You cannot Special
Summon monsters from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters.

Minis exaes Sick viene file aera

Bs

& 3/0/0

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle

tel Generate

@ +10

® -30


Frame 2254: Blackwing ~ Simeon the Poison Wind

es & @1e00 S2000
(Winged Beasvettect]
IF you control na monsters and have
this card in your hand; You can
banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster
rom your hand; place 1 "Black
hirlwind" from your Deck face-up
1) your Spell & Trap Zone. then,
either send this card to the GY, or
immediately alter this effect
resolves, Normal Summon it without
Tributing. You cannat Special
Summon monsters from the Extra
Deck for the rest of this turn, except
DARK monsters

Vis ames noni ter thee ne


Frame 2255: ser zie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2256: ec 2 ®2¢00 i000
[Draggq/éttocth.
You can Norma) Summon/Set this
card wiliyaul Tributing but (ls
origina! ATK becomes 1500
During the Main Phase (Quick
Gifec): You can target | monster

yom Gpponent controls with ATK C7 cm

less than or equal to this card. 2» (Be “4 i}
return this Gard te Eis hand. and if = pe Sager ae 4

you do, take contro! of that

ad
onporény's mionster Uinw) the End —& Pe Diemantle = 10 |
Phase: = ‘
Yau can only Use this effect af r =30

“Salaplare the Luminous Lunar Nate ni = ¥

2)

Frame 2257: <a

@a @ ®2a00 ©1000

[Dragovettet]
You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK becomes 1500,
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 monster
your opponent controls with ATK
less than or equal to this card)
retum this card to the hand, and if
you do, take control of that
‘opponent's monster until the End
Phase.

You can only use this effect of
*Seleglare the Luminous Lunar

Btn
Can Diamante St = —4

4 Dismantle = +10


Frame 2258: so

ze se azz

Seleglare the Luminous Lunar
@a oe ®zanp ©1000

(Dragan/Etfect] —
You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK becomes 1500.
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect): You can target 1 monster
your opponent controls with ATK
less than of equal to this card;
return this card to the hand, and if
you do, take control of that
opponent's monster until the End
Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Selegiare the Luminous Lunar

1 = )
i=

|__Bil

| oe
2 iyovo
Canbixmantie 1 (EY -!
A Dismantle §=—-@ +10
Wal Generate «= -30


Frame 2259: a) 501

(yz se 22

Seloglae the Luminous Lunar Dragon, 3) j Ch)

a5 6 ®2a00 ®1000

(bragow/Etea!

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its a
original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1

your opponent controls with ATK & jaro
less than or equal to this card; ( a)
return this card to the hand, and if  CanDismantle _4 | _

you do, take control of that
opponent's monster until the End & Dismantle @® +10
Phase.

You can only use this effect of er
"Selegiare the Luminous Lunar Wf Generate “30


Frame 2260: iy set

en: CT

See a

a5 6 ®2a00 @1000

(Dragowettee!

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its a
original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1

effect): You can target 1 monster (eo 4)

your opponent controls with ATK & ivoio fe. )
=F

less than or equal to this card;
return this card to the hand, and if Can Dismantte

you do, take control of that
‘opponent's monster until the End 4 Dismantle = @ +10
Phase.

You can only use this effect of ex
"Selegiare the Luminaus Lunar Wf Generate -30


Frame 2261: a) 501

2s se 22

Seloglae the Luminous Lumar Dragon) a»

a5 6 ®2a00 @1000

(bragow/eteal!

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1

your opponent controls with ATK & joo
less than or equal to this card; ( “1
return this card to the hand, and if Can Dismantle _1

you do, take control of that

opponent's monster until the End & Dismantle @® +10
Phase
"Selegiare the Luminous Lunar Wt Generate “30

a


Frame 2262: i) 501

y2e se 22

Seloglare the Luminous Lunar Braga) a»

ap @ ®zan0 @1000

(Oragon/Eteai! |

You can Normal Summon/Set this

card without Tributing, but its

original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1
Effect): You can target 1 monster Ro +

your opponent controls with ATK & jvoio

less than or equal to this card:

a

i

return this card to the hand, and if Can Dismantie _1

you do, take control of that

‘opponent's monster until the End 4 Dismantle = @ +10
Phase.

You can only use this effect of 1 Generate 4-30

"Seleglare the Luminaus Lunar


Frame 2263: a) 501

eC IE

Seloglave the Luminous Lunar rage, 3) a»

ap © ®zan0 @1000

(Dragow/ettee! |

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its a
original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1
Efect): You ea tataet 1 mailer (eo 4)
your opponent controls with ATK & jvoio

less than or equal to this card:

i

return this card to the hand, and if Can Dismantle _1

you do, take control of that

‘opponent's monster until the End  Dismantle = @P +10
Phase.

You can only use this effect of 1 Generate 4-30

"Seleglare the Luminaus Lunar


Frame 2264: i) 501

(yz se 22

See

ae Ge ®2a00 @1000 |

(Dragon/ettect]
You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its

original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1
Effect): You can target 1 monster

your opponent controls with ATK & oro

less than or equal to this card:

|

return this card to the hand, and if CanDismantle _1
you do, take contral of that

opponent's monster until the End -B Dismantle
Phase.

You can only use this effect of ti Generate

"Seleglare the Luminaus Lunar

ay

+10
& -30


Frame 2265: i) 501

2s Gse | 22

Selaglare the Luminous Lunar Dragon) —_ CA)

ae G ®2a00 @1000

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its a
original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1

your opponent controls with ATK & jroo

less than or equal to this card;

return this card to the hand, and if CanDismantle _1

you do, take contral of that

1

opponent's monster until the End -% Dismantle = +10
Phase.
You can only use this effect of Bl Generate. -30

"Seleglare the Luminaus Lunar


Frame 2266: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Seleglare the Luminous Lunar Dragon —_ a=»

ae og ®2a00 @1000

You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK becomes 1500.

During the Main Phase (Quick 1
fect): You! can tatget 1 mente
your opponent controls with ATK & fap

less than or equal to this card:

a

i

return this card to the hand, and if CanDismantle_1

you do, take contral of that

opponent's monster until the End -%  Dismantie +10
Phase.

You can only use this effect of WB Generate -30

"Seleglare the Luminaus Lunar


Frame 2267: ser 2s Gse || G22

Zonas he Laan ea)

ae G ®2a00 @1000

(Dragon/ettect]
You can Normal Summon/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK becomes 1500.
During the Main Phase (Quick
Effect); You can target 1 monster
your opponent controls with ATK
less than or equal to this card;
return this card to the hand, and if
you do, take contral of that
opponent's monster until the End
Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Seleglare the Luminous Lunar

How to Obtain
a

!
& isoio
Can Dismantle zi )


Frame 2268: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Seleglare the Luminous Lunar Bragon = a»
aso @zan0 $1000

(Dragon/etteei|_____ NNN |
You can Normal Summon/Set this

original ATK becomes 1500. iE

During the Main Phase (Quick

Elect): You! can tatget 1 mene
less than or equal to this card: 4
return this card to the hand, and if _CanDismantle 1 \°™ __

you do, take control of that

card without Tributing, but its
1
your opponent controls with ATK & jor ee. )

opponent's monster until the End -% Dismantle = +10
Phase.
You can only use this effect of BI Generate. -30

"Seleglare the Luminaus Lunar


Frame 2269: |

@n & ®2an0 ®1000

(Dragow/effect!
You can Normal Summen/Set this
card without Tributing, but its
original ATK becomes 1500,

uring the Main Phase (Quick

fect); You can target 1 monster
your opponent controls with ATK
less than or equal to this card;
return this card to the hand, and if
you do, take contral of that
opponent's monster until the End
Phase.
You can only use this effect of
"Seleglare the Luminous Lunar

7 Bo +!
Ay Dismantie = @ +10
™ Generate i -30


Frame 2270: ser zis | ae

GR 22

Frame 2271: ser ep2ie | se

GR 22

Frame 2272: send 1 Zombie monster fram your

hand of Deck to tie GY;

Il this card is banished: You can

banish 1 Zombie monster in) your

GY; Special Summon this card, but

place it on the bottom of. the Deck =

when it |eaves the field, a al
You can only use each effect of

"Changshi the Spitidac" once per AZ Dismantie = +10

|
ee 8 @2o00 6D
(ombie/Ettect| = AM How te obtain
During your Main Phase: You can
> |=


Frame 2273: i591

re se azz

Changshi the Spiridao 8)

ee @2onn 60

(ombio/Etect]
During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
hand or Deck to the GY.

If this card is banished: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, but
place it on the bottom of the Deck
when It leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Changshi the Spiridao” once per
turn,

2 20/0

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 2274: iy set

(yz se 22

ee 2 ®2000 60

(ombie/ettect}

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
hand or Deck to the GY.

If this card is banished: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, but
place it on the bottom of the Deck
when it leaves the fleld,

You can only use each effect of
"Changshi the Spiridao’ once per
turn

a.

gl How to oprain
=
(Ro 1

2
£ 3/010

Can Dismantie 1


Frame 2275: iy set

yz se 22

eo ©2000 60
Wombie/ettect}

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
hand or Deck to the GY.

If this card is banished: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, but
place it on the bottom of the Deck
when it leaves the fleld,

You can only use each effect of
"Changshi the Spiridao’ once per
turn

a
(di How 0 onuin
o
2

& 2/010
Condiments 1 (ES -!
“% Dismantie = GY +10


Frame 2276: iy set

eC IE
ChangshitheSpiidao A) a”
en 2 ®2000 6p

tzombio/etieci|

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
hand or Deck to the GY.

If this card is banished: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, but
place it on the bottom of the Deck
when it leaves the fleld,

You can only use each effect of
"Changshi the Spiridao’ once per
turn

2

& ban
CanDismantie 1


Frame 2277: i) set

ee: eC IE

Changi the Spine)

en 2 ®2000 60
(omblefettet!

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
hand or Deck to the GY.

If this card is banished: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, but
place it on the bottom of the Deck
when it leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Changshi the Spiridao’ once per
turn


Frame 2278: a) 501

en: eC

coc

es 2 2000 0
WomblefEttet!

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
hand or Deck to the GY.

If this card is banished: You can
banish 1 Zombie monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, but
place it on the bottom of the Deck
when it leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Changshi the Spiridao’ once per
turn

How to Obtain

Dismantie Bet 0


Frame 2279: a |

ea 9 @enn0 65
(Zomble/Effect] =

During your Main Phase: You can

send 1 Zombie monster from your
and or Deck to the GY.

& this card is banished: You can
anish | Zombie monster in your

GY; Special Summan this card, but

place it on the bottom of the Deck

when it leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of

"Changshi the Spiridan" once per

turn.

& 3/0/0
CanDiemamte 1 (EZ? }

# Generale 9 -30


Frame 2280: ser 21s | se

GR 22

Frame 2281: “ *c Aespo @2000
(Oramag/Bitosth = | L {Aiton w onssin |
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK. ;
monster either GY, banish iLalid
ihyoutionSpeciahSummen this card |
from your hand, THe ts a Quick
 Eftect if yaur pponent controls a Py

nvotister a & —
WW ihis care Isisent tram the fizio.to (Ee otirun!
We GY You'can targa! 1 Special ge ier: = “4

Summoned monster your ponent! ®s

controls: send it tothe GY, {Ay diemanie Bio |

You can nly Use each ettect of

“Bystla: Druiswurm" ance per turn. :
= SP (Genera @ea0


Frame 2282: ase e500 Gann

loragovertect]
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand, This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

If this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned manster your opponent
controls; send it ta the GY

You can only use each effect of
“Bystial Drulswurm" once per turn.

(AM How to obtain

Cards

Bb +4
3 tavo
= Cm
“4% Dismantie GH +10

a


Frame 2283: i591

re se dz

en G 2800 ®2000
{Dragon/Etfect i

You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand. This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

If this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it to the GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Drulswurm" once per turn.

am |

1
3 ivoio
Can Dis

AS Dismantie = @ +10

aD
EY =

ca

Generate

@® -30


Frame 2284: iy 501

(y2ie se 22
an @ 2500 2000

(Dragon/ettect]
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand. This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

if this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it to the GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Druiswurm" once per turn.

& ivoio
Can Diamante ee |


Frame 2285: iy set

@u Se Hx
Pk ab
en © 2500 $2000

(Dragon/ettect}
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand. This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

if this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it to the GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Druiswurm" once per turn.

“4 Dismantie


Frame 2286: iy set

@u Se He
Pk cm)
an © 2500 $2000

(Dragon/ettect]
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand. This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

if this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it to the GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Druiswurm" once per turn.

A Dismantie


Frame 2287: i) 501

ee: eC IE

|

ap © ®zs00 $2000

(Dragon/ettect]
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand. This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

if this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it to the GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Druiswurm" once per turn.

|
1
Can Dismantle a)


Frame 2288: a) 501

yz se 22

ap @ ®2s00 ®2000

(ragon/ettect]
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand. This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

if this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it to the GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Druiswurm" once per turn.

|

& jsoio
Can Dismantle =! )

y Dismantie §=—-@ +10

ca

nerals = -30


Frame 2289: iy 501

yz se 22

Bystial Druiswurm Ts

ap @ ®zs00 $2000

(Dragon/ettect]
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in either GY; banish it, and
if you do, Special Summon this card
from your hand. This is a Quick
Effect if your opponent controls a
monster.

if this card is sent from the field to
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it to the GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Druiswurm” once per turn.

<=)
=f

& jroo
Can Dismantle )

- Dismantle «= +10

ca

nerats «=~ 30


Frame 2290: Bystial Druiswurm 8s

eo @zs00 S2000

{DrasowvEttect] NIN
You can target 1 LIGHT or DARK
monster in elther GY; banish it. and
if you do, Special Summon this card
rom your hand. This is a Quick

fect if your opponent controls a
monster.
If this card is sent from the field to.
the GY: You can target 1 Special
Summoned monster your opponent
controls; send it ta the GY,
You can only use each effect of
"Bystial Druiswurm" once per turn.

«

[>|
(ee = )

ivoio
Can Dismantle 1

ve

o. 1


Frame 2291: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 2292: @e 8 e 2200 @i00p

IMachine/Erexil aa =
(This card is always treated ae a
“Sky Sti ikee* can
You Gai) Wistar Spell; Shesial

q Summon this card {um your band

4 Yau cat banish 1 Spell (rom yeut

GY; give control of this to. your”
oppenent, and il you do, Special
Summon 4 "Sky Striker Ace”
monster Irom, yaur GY
(f thie card js deshroyee by bmrtfe of
card elect and sent im the GY You
can tayget tof your banishad "Sky
Striker” Spells: adie tt to your hand,

& — ae
Gin tampa B28 1»!

[AE dlemanis v0 )
al eee ee


Frame 2293: or |

oe & @2200 ©1000

IMachino/etteet]
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
Summan this card from your hand.
You can banish 1 Spell from your
GY; Give control of this card to your
opponent, and |f you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY

Hf this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker" Spelis: add It to your hand.

(Mow ws optain

Wiotaten cards

Gils

& taro

Can Dismantie 1 (EY

4

A Dismantie = +10

: ® -30

i
a


Frame 2294: sor @pzie | eae dB 22
See of Sonerlanc - CS

eo @ @z200

IMachine/ENect}
(This card is always treated as a
“Sky Striker" card:)
You can discard 1 Spell; Special
Summon this card from your hand,

| You can banish 1 Spell from your
GY; give control of this card to your
opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY,
If this card is destrayed by battle ar
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker” Spells; add It to your hand.

F

Ai tiow to ovrain

jelated Cards

- i
A

& ima

CanDismantie 1

AZ Dismantie

@ 0

‘Generate = -30


Frame 2295: iy 501

(yz se 22

Sage of Benevolence -Ciela 8

a5 @ @2200 #1000

(Machins/ettect]|
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
You can banish 1 Spell [rom your
GY; give control of this card to your
opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker" Spells; add it to your hand.

j ( %
( a How 1 ontain

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2296: iy set

Ce: CT

Sage of Benevolence -Ciela 8

a5 @ @z200 #1000

(Machins/ettect]|
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
‘Summon this card from your hand,
You can banish 1 Spell [rom your
GY; give control of this card to your
opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker" Spells; add it to your hand.

j ( i
( al How 1 ontan


Frame 2297: iy set

ee: eC IE

Sage of Benevolence -Ciela 8

a5 @ @2200 #1000

(Machins/ettect]|_
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
‘Summon this card from your hand,
You can banish 1 Spell [rom your
GY; give control of this card to your
opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker" Spells; add it to your hand.

j ( i
(a How 1 ontan


Frame 2298: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Sage of Benevolence—Ciela

a5 @ ®e200 ®1000

{Machine/Effect] =a
(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
You can banish 1 Spell from your
GY; give control of this card to your
opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker" Spells; add It to your hand.

'

& jvo1o

CanDismantie 1

acd

Dismantie

@ +10
"Bl Generals =P -30


Frame 2299: a) 501

2s se 22

Soc

a5 @ ®z200 ®1000

(Machine/ettect]
(This card |s always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
You can banish 1 Spell {rom your
GY; give contro! of this card to your
opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker" Spells; add It to your hand,

& jvoro

CanDismantie 4

acd

Dismantle

+10

"Bl Generale «= -30


Frame 2300: i) 501

2s Gse 22

Soc

a5 @ ®z200 ®1000

(Machine/ettect]
(This card |s always treated as a
"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
You can banish 1 Spell {rom your
GY; give contro! of this card to your
opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Striker" Spells; add It to your hand,

& jvo1o

CanDismantie 4

acd

Dismantle

@ +10

"Bl Generale §=—@ -30


Frame 2301: iy 501

yz se 22

Soc of

a5 @ ®z200 $1000

(Machine/eftect]
(This card is always treated as 2

"Sky Striker" card.)

You can discard 1 Spell; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
You can banish 1 Spell from your E
GY; sive control of this card to your & Fyo10
opponent, and if you do, Special

Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace" ast A ee
monster from your GY.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky “Wi Generate
Striker" Spells; add It to your hand.

-%  Dismantie

@ +10
& -30


Frame 2302: @5 ® ®2200 61000
Wsachine/Eftect]

(This card is always treated as a
"Sky Striker” card.)

jYou can discard 1 Spell: Special

Eo this card from your hand,
‘ou can banish 1 Spell from your

GY, give control of this card to your
‘opponent, and if you do, Special
Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace"
monster from your GY.
IF this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect and sent to the GY: You
can target 1 of your banished "Sky
Stilker" Spells; add It to your hand.

& i/0/0
Can Dismantle

& — Dismantle

@ +10

Generate -30


Frame 2303: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 2304: ®)

R Unchained Soul af Shygma

@e 2 #2100 ©iso0
IFlengiEtfocts es — |

Yau can target | card ygu|contral
destroy |, then you ean destroy 1

SpeiV/Trapon the field. WA Relates
if this card is in your GY; Youean

laiget’) Fiend monster or 1 face- ce 4 > }
down card you contio|, destroy it, yy ==
= a

and if you de) Special Summan, this
card;But place iLan the bottom of fan Dianne 1 4

the Deck when it leaves the field, 94 .
You can only use each effect.of [A dismantle —@+io |

"Unchained Soul at Shyama” 6nte


Frame 2305: <<a |

@o y 2000 ©1500

[Fiend/Etfect!

You can target 1 card you control;
destroy it, then you can destroy 1
Spell/Trap on the field,

Hf this card is in your GY; You can
target 1 Fiend monster or 1 face—
down card you control; destroy |t,
and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field
You can only use each effect of
"Unchained Soul af Shyama” once
per turn

& taro

Can Dismantle 1

e

P Generate

Dismantie


Frame 2306: 59

20 Gs azz

Unchained Soul af Shyama  #®

@n ¥ @zo000 ©1500

{Flend/Etfect] ea
You can target 1 card you control;
destroy it, then you can destroy 1
Spell/Trap on the field.

IF this card is in your GY; You can
target 1 Fiend monster or 1 face—
down card you control; destroy it,
and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field
You can only use each effect of
"Unchained Soul of Shyama” ance
per turn.

-

Can Dismantle

AS Dismantle = @ +10

al Generate «= -30


Frame 2307: i) 501

Pe Ge He
Unchained Sea of SES)
eo ¥ _—, ®1500

[Fiend/étiect]

You can target 1 card you control;
destroy il, then you can destroy 1
Spell/Trap on the field.

IF this card is in your GY: You can
target 1 Fiend monster or 1 face—
down card you control; destroy it,
and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field,
You can only use each effect of
"Unchained Soul of Shyama” once
per turn.

(Cateiatea case) Cards

=p

Can Dismantle

A Dismantle

+10
Wl Generate «= -30


Frame 2308: iy 501

Pe Ge Ge
Unchained Sou of SSS)
eo ¥ ®2000 #1500

[Fend/éttect]_

You can target 1 card you control;
destroy il, then you can destroy 1
Spell/Trap on the field.

IF this card is in your GY: You can
target 1 Fiend monster or 1 face—
down card you control; destroy it,
and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of
"Unchained Soul of Shyama” once
per turn.

(aA tow o abun to Obtain

(Careiatea case) Cards

=n

Can Dismantie

“  Dismantle

@ +10
il Generate «= -30


Frame 2309: iy set

ie Ge He
Unchained Seu of Sha)
eo ¥ ema 1500

[Flend/éttect]_

You can target 1 card you control;
destroy il, then you can destroy 1
Spell/Trap on the field.

IF this card is in your GY: You can
target 1 Fiend monster or 1 face—
down card you control; destroy it,
and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field,
You can only use each effect of
"Unchained Soul of Shyama” once
per turn.

(aA tow abun to Obtain

& imo

(Carolee case)
(me «1 ) +1

Can Dismantie me

4S Dismantle «=P +10

Generate «= -30


Frame 2310: eo ¥ ®z000 #1500
(Fiendiettect)
You can target 1 card you control;
destroy it, then you can destroy 1
Spell/Trap on the field.

If this card is in your GY; You can
target 1 Fiend monster or 1 face-
down card you control; destroy it,
and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of
"Unchained Soul of Shyama” once
per turn.


Frame 2311: destroy it, then you can destroy 1

Unchained Soul ofShyema a»
@o ¥ ®z2000 1500

(Fiend/éteci) =
You can target 1 card you control;

Spell/Trap on the field. (Gaeeatacmer) sata?
IF this card is in your GY: You can

target 1 Fiend monster or 1 face~ (me 1 ) +1
down card you control; destroy it, & ino

and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of 4S Dismantle §=—-@P +10
"Unchained Sou! of Shyama" once

Can Dismantie


Frame 2312: Unchnned Sou! o STpumn SS

@o @2000 61500

[Flend/Eftect] —e
You can target 1 card you control;
destroy it, then you can destroy 1
Spell/Trap on the field,
[ this card is in your GY; You can
rget 1 Fiend monster or 1 face—
down card you control; destroy it,
and if you do, Special Summon this
card, but place it on the bottom of
the Deck when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of
"Unchained Soul of Shyama" ance
per turn.

— eo
a,

& iso/o

Can


Frame 2313: ser ep2is «= se

GR 22

Frame 2314: ser zie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2315: Georgius, Swardman of the fee Bassin

eo oe @2000 1200

Winged Beast/Tunerenees]
While you control another “Ice
Barrier” monster, your opponent
canmot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Georgius,

Swordman of the ice Barrier” once
per turn,

Ht you control an “ice Barrier"
monster; You can Special Summon
this card fram your hand in Defense
Position

if this card Is Normal or Spectal

-

(AA vou to obtain

= Baio
CanDlamanta 2 (EY 1 5}
4S Dismentie = +10


Frame 2316: i591

re se az

Georgi, Swordman of the Ice Barrier 8) \

eo o*

(Winged Beaet/Tuneril
While you control another "Ice
Barrier" monster, your opponent
carmot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Georgius,
Swordman of the Ice Barrier" once
per turn,

If you control an “Ice Barrier”
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Pasition.

If this card is Normal or Special

2000 1200

( )
|

2
& 2/0/10
CanDiamante 2 (EY -1 }
4S Dismantie «= @ +10
‘al Generate = -30


Frame 2317: Geargius, Swardman of the lee B
eo ue ®2000 1200

(Winged Beast/Tunor/étfect)

While you control another "Ice
Barrier" monster. your opponent
carmot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Georgius,
Swordman of the Ice Barrier” ance
per turn,

if you control an “ice Barrier"
monster: You ean’ Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

if this card is Normal or Special

ut


Frame 2318: Geargius, Swardman of the lee B
eo 68 ®2000 $1200

(Winged Beast/Tuner/étfect)
While you control another "Ice
Barrier" monster, your opponent
carmot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Georgius,
Swordman of the Ice Barrier" once
per turn.

If you control an “ice Barrier"
manster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

if this card is Normal or Special

ra


Frame 2319: Geargius, Swardman of the lee B
eo 08 ®2000 $1200

(Winged Beast/Tuner/Etfect)
While you control another "Ice
Barrier" monster. your opponent
carmot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Georgius,
Swordman of the Ice Barrier" once
per turn,

If you control an “ice Barrier"
monster: You can’ Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

if this card is Normal or Special

ra


Frame 2320: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Gearglus, Swardian af the

ee oe 2000 #1200
{Wingo Beast Taro NN
While you control another "Ice
Barrier" monster, your opponent
cannot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Georgius,
Swordman of the Ice Barrier" once
per turn.

if you control an “ice Barrier"
manster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Pasition.

if this card is Normal or Special

& 3/010

CanDismantle 2

4% Dismantie =P +10

‘fl Generate =


Frame 2321: i) 501

ee: SC IE

Georgius, Swordiman of the ce Barrier

a5 08 ®2000 #1200

(Winged BeaatTune
While you control another "Ice
Barrier" monster, your opponent
carinot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Georgius,
Swordman of the lee Barrier" once
per turn.

If you control an “ice Barrier"
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

if this card is Normal or Special

ir

“dl How to obtain

2
& 3/010
Conbismantle 2 (EY 1
4% dismantle = +10
"@ Generate §=— # -30


Frame 2322: i) 501

yz se 22

Georgius, Sworciman of the ce Barrier

#5 08 ®2000 #1200

(Winged Beast/Tuner/etfect)
While you control another "Ice
Barrier" monster, your opponent
carinot activate the effects of
monsters in the GY

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Georgius,
Swordman of the lee Barrier" once
per turn.

If you control an “ice Barrier"
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

if this card is Normal or Special

4% Dismantie §=—@ +10

"@ Generate ~=— #30


Frame 2323: @5 08 @2000 81200
Winged Beast Tunsr/Effect]
While you control another "ice
Barrier” monster, your opponent
cannot activate (he effects of
monsters in the GY.
5c ‘cari cael Cl
following effects of "Georgius,
Swordman of the Ice Barrier" once
per tum.

If you control an “Ice Garrier*
monster: You can Special Summon
this card from your hand in Defense
Position.

if this card Is Normal or Special

&


Frame 2324: ser ep2is |= ae

GR 22

Frame 2325: ero aun Geo

FalryEtfoctl =
(This card is always tyecicd asian
*Elommsnlal HERO" and "Fayarile”
cards)

Cannol be Normal SummoredSet \ Core) 2
Must be Special Summoned {fram a | Be! Ht.)

your hand oy GY) by banishing 1 a a

"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster

or T "Winged Kuriben? trom your Ean Diamante 1 CORRES,

hand, face-up field, or GY) Mothean py 4
only Serial Summon “Winged L _ Dismantle ® +10 |

Kurlboh LV6" once per turnthis

way “ - =
When 2n oppanent!s moanstér ft omer yer)

(A
(Atm won

Ai Hon we onan | in|

Ep raiec caren)


Frame 2326: Winged Kuriboh VE

@e eB @300 ®200

Irayettecd
(This card is always treated as an
“Elemental HERO" and “Favorite”
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (trom
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
“elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
‘oF 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
‘only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" ance per turn this
way

When an opponent's monster


Frame 2327: (sor pzie «set 22
Winged Kutoh V6 =

go 8 @s00 200

[Falry/Etfect! a |
(Chis card is always treated as an
“Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
vcard.)

4 Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
| Must be Special Summoned (from

your hand or GY) by banishing 1 & iio

“Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster EQ -1
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your Can Diamante:

hand, face-up field, or GY. You can

only Special Summan "Winged Ay Dismantle = @ +10
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this

he "BH Generate = -30

When an opponent's monster


Frame 2328: i) 501

zie se 22

Winged Kuriboh LG

a5 8 Cm)
{Falry/etect_____

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and “Favorite”
card,)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

1
& ino

Can Dismantle

as
“ Dismantie = @P +10

"Hl Generate §=— 2-30


Frame 2329: iy set

ee: EC IE

Winged Kuriboh LG

a5 8 Cm)
{Falry/Etect______

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and “Favorite”
card,)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

1
& ino

Can Dismantle

a8
 Dismantie = @ +10

"Hl Generate §=— 9-30


Frame 2330: iy set

yz se 22

Winged Kuriboh LGN

a5 8 Cm)
{Falry/etect

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and “Favorite”
card,)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set,
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

1
& ino

Can Dismantle

a
N Dismantle = @ +10

"Hl Generate §=— 2-30


Frame 2331: i) 501

pz se 22

Woh ve

a5 8 @a00 200
(Fatry/ettect]
(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card,)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster

or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this

way.

When an opponent's monster

Ca)
nic
0 om


Frame 2332: i) 501

ee: eC IE

Winged Kuriboh V6)

are CA)
(Fairy/tfect]____ |

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card,)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

1
& ino

Can Dismantie

a
 Dismantie «= +10

"Hl Generate = -30


Frame 2333: ay 501

2s se 22

Wine es

a5 8 ®s00 #200

(Fairy/Effect] Sa
(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from

1

your hand or GY) by banishing 1 & ino

"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster

or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your Can Dismantle

hand, face-up field, or GY. You can

only Special Summon "Winged &

Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this

wes cy
i

When an opponent's monster

Dismantle

Generate

CA
a
® v0
® -30


Frame 2334: Winged Kuriboh LV6 |

@s 8 @s00 $200

(rairyettecd
(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO” and “Favorite”
card.)

‘annot be Normal Summoned/Set,

just be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO” Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" ance per turn this
way.
When an opponent's monster

{Ai viow to obtain

Related Car

is

BO +
& io

Can Dismantie 1

:

By ot

@ +10

(eo & -30

ay Dismantie


Frame 2335: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 2336: Winged Ku
ce ®s00, @z00

UFain(Blfecth i a

(This card Is always treatad as an i

“Elemarital HERO" and "Fayorite” “

card)

Cannol be Normal Suyimoned/Set -

Must. be Specla| Summoned {fLam ee BE

your han:| of GY) by banishing 1 & in

“Elemental HERG! Fusion Monster ee ‘Cc |
‘of T "Winged K.uribon? trom your a a “4

hand, face-up field, cr GY Yeucay oe >
only Special Summan*Winged (= Dismantle = @sis |
Kuriboh LV6" once per turethis ———————— ——  ——_ |
way

When an appanent!= monster


Frame 2337: (This card is always treated as an
“Elemental HERO" and “Favorite”
)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (trom
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
“elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
‘or 7 "Winged Kuriboh” frem your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
‘only Special Summan "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per tum this
way
When an opponent's monster

2 ito

Can Dismantie 1
4 Dismantie

"Generate

@)
®ris
‘i -30


Frame 2338: i) 501

ae Ge Ghz

Winged Kuriboh LV6 = C [x]
@s @ @s00 200 3
(Fatry/etfect] NN

This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO” and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
“Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summan "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this
way

When an opponent's monster

+ a
“Tle
E3

J
z siso

Can Dismantie 1

[

i

ey -1

@ +15
e

A Dismantie

Mat Generate


Frame 2339: i) 501

yz se 22

Winged Kuriboh LV6 _&

@5 8 ®s00 #200

(Falry/Ettect]
(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LVG" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

> =
'e-)

£ syis0

Can Dismantle

contami ( )

( 3


Frame 2340: iy set

ee: EC IE
Winged Kuriboh V6 we] Ca iy
ae 8 ®300 #200

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LVG" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

Rolated Cards

& s/is0

Can Dismantie mo
“ Dismantie «= @} +15
"al Generale «= -30


Frame 2341: iy set

yz se 22
Winged Kuriboh LV6 CB] ( )
@e 8 300

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LVG" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

Rolated Cards

& s7is0
BO 71

Can Dismantie

“8 Dismantie

"at Generate


Frame 2342: i) 501

ee: CT IE

Winged Kuriboh LV6 we

@5 8 ®300 #200

(Fairylettect]_
(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh” from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LVG" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

& s7is0

Can Dismantle

“ Dismantie = @} +15

"al Generale §=—@ -30


Frame 2343: i) 501

yas se | 2

Winged Kuriboh LV6 ss

@5 8 ®300 ®200

(Fatry/ettect]!_
(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. | 1
Must be Special Summoned (from

your hand or GY) by banishing 1 & sso

“Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster

‘or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your ‘CaDiimantis 1

hand, face-up field, or GY. You can

only Special Summon "Winged Ay dismantle +15
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this

way.

q =
When an opponent's monster Wl Generate -30


Frame 2344: a) set

y2e se 22

Winged Kuriboh lve ws) = ——
@5 8 ®a00 #200 | Cm)
(Fain/éttect)_____

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

| 1
Can Dismantle if )


Frame 2345: ay set

ee: SC IE

Winged Kuriboh L¥6 _& aD
a5 8 ®300 #200

(Falry/Etfect] |

(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
"Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summon "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" once per turn this
way.

When an opponent's monster

| | How to Obtain

1

Can Dismantle - =f )
a @ +15

® -30

Dismantle

"BI Generate


Frame 2346: Winged Kurihob LV6  @

@5 8 @a00 $200

(Fairy/etect]|
(This card is always treated as an
"Elemental HERO" and "Favorite"
card.)
& not be Normal Summoned/Set.
just be Special Summoned (from
your hand or GY) by banishing 1
“Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster
or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your
hand, face-up field, or GY. You can
only Special Summan "Winged
Kuriboh LV6" ance per turn this
way
When an opponent's monster


Frame 2347: (ser 21s «= se

GR 22

Frame 2348: ser ep2ie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2349: Galaxy Soldier ee)

@s 6 @®2000 ®o

(MachinoEffect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster trom your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

Can Bismantle 1

e

CA)

Bio/o

Dismantle +10

Generate =P -30


Frame 2350: 591

20 se azz

Sa ar i a»
@s @ e000 0 4
{Machine/etfect) aa

You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster {rom your hand to the GY:
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Detense Position

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Galaxy Soldier" once per turn

Related Cards

2 CHEE
2/0/0
Can Dismantie t 1 )

4S Dismantle = @ +10

al Generate «= -30

|
|
\_


Frame 2351: a) 501

ee: eC IE

Galaxy Soldier 3]

@s @ ®2000 60

(achine/etect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

“Galaxy” monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 2352: ay set

(yz se 22

@s @ ®2000 60

(achine/etect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

“Galaxy” monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

How to Obtain


Frame 2353: ay set

yz se 22

Galaxy Soldier

|

@s @ ®2000 60

(achine/ettect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

“Galaxy” monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.


Frame 2354: a) 501

yz se | 22

as @ ®2000 60

(achine/ettect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

How to Obtain

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2355: a) 501

yz se 22

as @ ®2000 60

(achine/etect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

How to Obtain

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2356: ay set

ee: SC IE

Galaxy Soldier a.

es @ 2000 0

(achine/ettect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

— a
=
2

at et )

‘ Dismantle = +10

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 2357: ay set

Ce: eC IE

Galaxy Soldier |

es @ 2000 0

(achine/Ettect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

=n)
|
oe = )

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 2358: a) 501

ee: eC IE

Galaxy Soldier ee)

a5 @ ®z000 60

(achine/Ettect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to
your hand.
You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

CA)

-®  Dismantle

ey


Frame 2359: a) 501

ee: SC IE

Galaxy Soldier

a]

a5 @ ®z000 60

(achine/Ettect]
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster from your hand to the GY;
Special Summon this card from your
hand in Defense Position.

When this card is Special
Summoned: You can add 1

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to
your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.

~ <=
|
— et )

+10

"Bl Generate «= -30

-®  Dismantle


Frame 2360: es» ®zo00 60
Wachine/Etteed
You can send 1 other LIGHT
monster fram your hand to the GY:
Special Summon this card from your
and in Defense Position

hen this card is Special

Summoned: You can ade 1 3/00

"Galaxy" monster from your Deck to Eo -1
your hand SanDiempelies f°
You can only use this effect of

"Galaxy Soldier” once per turn Ay Dismantie = @ #10

“Wl Generate §=— 4 -30


Frame 2361: ser ep2is | se

GR 22

Frame 2362: (ser ep2ie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2363: @s Be 2200 @1200

Wainy Tunerfettect]
Ml ‘The Sanctuary in the Sky’ is on
the field, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand).

Once per turn; You can send 1

“The Agent" monster from your

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this
card's Level becomes the Level ot
the monster sent to the GY by this
effect.

CA )


Frame 2364: sor pze «ae 22
The Agent of Entapy ~ Uranus)

@s ae @ze0p ®1200
(Falry/Tuner/eftect] Al How t0 obtain
If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on

the field, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand). wd

fq. Once per turn: You can send 1 | 1
"The Agent” monster from your — B+
Deck to the GY. and if you do, this gy ovivo
card's Level becomes the Level of (ey -1

the monster sent to the GY by this Can Biamantle _1 |"

effect.


Frame 2365: (so pas «as 22
The Agent of Entropy ~ Uranus) ir

@s 268 ®2200 @1200

(Falry/Tuner/Eftect|

If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is an

the field, you can Special Summon

this card (from your hand).

Once per turn; You can send 1 1
"The Agent" monster trom your Boe

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this a

card's Level becomes the Level ot
the monster sent to the GY by this

effect.
Dismantie + 15


Frame 2366: ay set

yz se 22

@s 268 ®z200 @1200

(Fairy/Tuner/ettect)
IF "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is an
the field, you can Special Summon,
this card (from your hand),

Once per turn; You can send 1

"The Agent" monster tram your

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this
card's Level becomes the Level ot
the monster sent to the GY by this
effect.

C fi)
CEE
1
i Bo el
(Caz


Frame 2367: ser 2s «se | 22

e508 S2e00 $1200
{Falry/Tunev/Ettect)
IF "The Sanctuary in the Sky” is on
the field. you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand).

Once per turn; You can send 1
“The Agent” monster from your

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this & oviso

card's Level becomes the Level ot eg -1
the monster sent to the GY by this  CanDismantle _1

effect.
4 Dismantie =P +15


Frame 2368: a) 501

ee: CT IE

= on

@5 8 ®z200 #1200

(Fairy/Tuner/ettect)
If "The Sanctuary in the Sky” is on
the field, you can Special Summon.
this card (from your hand),

Once per turn; You can send 1

"The Agent” monster from your

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this
card's Level becomes the Level of
the monster sent to the GY by this
effect.

la.»
nic


Frame 2369: a) 501

ee: SC IE
vA nn
@5 8 ®2200 1200

(Fairy/Tuner/ettect]
If "The Sanctuary in the Sky” is on
the field, you can Special Summon
this card (front your hand),

Once per turn; You can send 1

"The Agent" monster from your

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this
card's Level becomes the Level ot
the monster sent to the GY by this
effect.

~—n


Frame 2370: a) 501

ee: SEC IE
vA nn
@5 8 ®2200 1200

(Fairy/Tuner/ettect)
If "The Sanctuary in the Sky” is on
the field, you can Special Summon
this card (front your hand),

Once per turn: You can send 1

"The Agent” monster from your

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this
card's Level becomes the Level ot
the monster sent to the GY by this
effect.

a


Frame 2371: ser 21s «se | a2
The Agent of Entiopy~ Uranus)

@5 88 ®2200 @1200

(Fairy/Tuner/Etiect! —ee

If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on

| (A ow obuin
the field, you can Special Summon 7s

this card (from your hand). babes Piage
Once per turn; You can send 1 1

“The Agent monster from your (e+)

+t
Deck to the GY, and if you do, this ovivo

card's Level becomes the Level of ( 4

the monster sent to the GY by this  CanDismantle 1 (0%
effect

CA

4S Dismantie = 415

"BI Generate «= -30


Frame 2372: @5 of @®2200 61200

(Fatry/Tuneveteet)
If "The Sanctuary in the Sky” is on
the field, you can Special Summon
this card (from your hand)
fpnce per tum: You can send 1

The Agent" monster trom your

Deck to the GY, and if you do, this
card's Level becomes the Level ot
the monster sent to the GY by this
effect.

1(&

J -t

Ay Dismantic «= @ 415

Generate = -30


Frame 2373: ser ep2ie «| se

GR 22

Frame 2374: ser ep2is «= se

GR 22

Frame 2375: @s 8 @2000 ©1400

Iinosaur/enect]
You can discard this card; add 1
“Bonding” Spell/Trap fram your

Deck to your hand.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1
“Hydrogeddon", “Oxygeddon", or
“Duoterion in your GY; Special
Summon it.

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per turn:

CA)

a toro

+t
Can Dismantle 1

cation 3 (F7 *)

Ey


Frame 2376: 591

ae se azz

Duoterian — |

@s 6 @2000 1400 | C A)
[Dinceaur/éttectt NNN

You can discard this card; add 1
“Bonding” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand,

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
"Hydrogeddon", "Oxygeddon", or
"Duoterion" in your GY; Special
Summon it.

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per turn.

|

1
|

Mel

Generate @ -30


Frame 2377: a) 501

(yz se 22
rs — | AT
e568 ®2000 1400 Ca

(Winosau/ENet]
You can discard this card; add 1
"Bonding" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
“Hydrogeddon", "Oxygeddon", or
"Duoterion" in your GY; Special
Summon it,

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per tum.

1
& jso10
2 7


Frame 2378: ay set

yz se 22
Duoterian | A)
e568 ®2000 1400 Ca

(Winosau/enet]
You can discard this card; add 1
"Bonding" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
"Hydrogeddon", "Oxygeddon", or
“Duoterion” in your GY; Special
Summon it,

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per tum.

1
& jvo10
2


Frame 2379: ay set

(y2ie ae 22
Duoterian —___ A)
e568 ®2000 1400 Ca

(inosau/enet]
You can discard this card; add 1
"Bonding" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
"Hydrogeddon", "Oxygeddon", or
“Duoterion” in your GY; Special
Summon it,

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per tum.

1
& jso10
amare -'


Frame 2380: a) 501

ze ae ——=

Duoterian
ese ®zo00 ®1400
(Dinosaurenset]

You can discard this card; add 1
"Bonding" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
“Hydrogeddan", "Oxygeddon", or
“Duoterion" in your GY; Special
Summon it,

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per tum.

4" = How to Obtain

& ino
Con Diamantie ——s at
Dismantle  @P +10
iH! Generate «=


Frame 2381: a) 501

yz se 22
——
es ¢ ®z000 1400

(inosau/Enect]
You can discard this card; add 1
"Bonding" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
“Hydrogeddon", "Oxygeddon", or
“Duoterion" in your GY; Special
Summon it,

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per tum.

==

Cz

1

jso10
Can Dismantie 1


Frame 2382: ay set

en: SC IE
Duoterion a I =
es 6 2000 #1400 | Cm)

(Dinosauremeet]
You can discard this card; add 1
"Bonding" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
"Hydrogeddon", "Oxygeddon", or
"Duoterion" in your GY; Special
Summon it,

You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion" once per turn.

1
Can Dismantle ot )


Frame 2383: ser p2is «se | 22

@s6 2000 #1400
{Dinosaur/Effect] ——a

You can discard this card; add 1

"Bonding" Spell/Trap from your

Deck to your hand.

< IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1

"Hydrogeddon", "Oxygedden", or

“Duoterion" in your GY; Special

Summon it,

You can only use each effect of

"Duoterion” once per turn.

aa Ss |

% Dismantle §=— +10

“1

Ch)


Frame 2384: @s 6 @2000 61400

(Dinasaur/effect}
You can discard this card; add 1
“Bonding” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand
« this card is Normal or Special
jummoned; You can target 1
“Hydrageddon", "Oxygeddon", or
“Duaterion” in your GY; Special
Summon it
You can only use each effect of
"Duoterion” once per tum.

How to Obtain

ir

lated Cards

& jroio
(Bo 3

@ v0
& -30

ail

Can Dismantle

§

Ay Dismantte

Generate:


Frame 2385: ser ep2ie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2386: ®)

S-Farce Dag Tag

@s & @1a0y @2100

WMachigelEteq), =a
During yaur Malp-Phase. your)
oppenei\ canal activate Ue

effects of monsiersein tlie same
column as one of your ‘S—Fotce*
monsters.

IF¥eur oppenent Normal of Specially Varo 1
Summons a monsters) while you pm (Be }
control an "S=Forge! monster ook Danesnie Wt t 7

(except during the Damage Stap)|| 1

"| You can Special Summon this 5; (a —Dismantle vio |
fram your hand /

You can only use this effect of tS— ¢ ; =30
Faree-Dag Tag! anes per tum. FG 2 )

= =

Frame 2387: |

ecw $.so0 $2100
IMachine/Effect]
During your Main Phase, your
‘opponent cannot activate the

sifects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force”
monsters.

Ht your opponent Normal or Special
‘Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force" monster

(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand

You can only use this effect of *
Farce Dag Tag" once per turn.

a taro
Can Diamante 1 (EY 1
4 Dismantle «= +10

2 Generate -30


Frame 2388: 591

ze se azz

S-Force Dag Tag as

es @ 16800 $2100

(Machine/Eftect]
During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the
effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S—Force”
monsters,

If your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force" monster
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dag Tag" once per turn.

* ivoio

Can Dismantle

“B Dismantle §=—-@ +10

al Generate «=


Frame 2389: a) 501

yz ese 22

@s @ ®1s00 @2100

(Machine/Ettect]

During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the
effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force”
monsters.

\f your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force" monster
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dog Tag" ance per turn.

!
& jroo
Can Dismantle a )
“Ry Dismantle = +10

"Generate §©=— #9 -30


Frame 2390: a) 501

yz se 22

S-Force Dog Tag Lz)

@s @ ®1s00 @2100

(Machina/ettect|_

During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the
effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force"
monsters.

\f your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force" monster
{except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dog Tag" ance per turn.

& ioi0
Can Dismantle 2 )

“Ry Dismantle = +10

"Generate §©=— 9 -30


Frame 2391: a) 501

pz se 22

S-Force Dog Tag Ts

@s @ ®1s00 @2100

(Machina/ettect|_

During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the
effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force”
monsters.

\f your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force" monster
{except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dog Tag" ance per turn.

!
& iroio
Can Dismantle =~ )
“By Dismantie = +10

"Generate §=— #9 -30


Frame 2392: a) 501

en: EC IE

@s @ ®1s00 62100

(Machine/ettect]
During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the
effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force"
monsters.

\f your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force” monster
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dog Tag" ance per turn.

a
“Ry Dismantle = +10

& ivoio

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 2393: a) 501

yz se 22

S-Force Dog Tag a.

as @ ®1s00 @2100

(Machine/eftect]

During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the
effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force”
monsters.

\f your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force" monster
{except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dog Tag" ance per turn.

!
& jroo
Can Dismantle ~ )
“Ry Dismantle = @ +10

"Generate §~=— #30


Frame 2394: ay set

p2ie se 22

S-Force Dog Tag ees]

as @ ®1s00 62100

(Machine/etiect]___
During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the

effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force"
monsters.

IF your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force" monster

(except during the Damage Step):

You can Special Summon this card - Dismantle = +10
from your hand.
You can only use this effect of "S— WB Generate GP -30

Force Dog Tag" ance per turn.


Frame 2395: ser p2is «se | 22

‘S-Force Dog Tag ZZ

as @ ®1s00 62100

(Machine/Effect] =

During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannot activate the
effects of monsters in the same
column as one of your "S-Force"
monsters.

If your opponent Normal or Special
Summons a monster(s) while you
control an "S-Force” monster
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dog Tag" ance per turn.

Ch)
(dl How to ontan
1

= CD

ca

Generate  -30


Frame 2396: ‘S-Force Dag Tag eg

@s 6 @ 1600 62100

(achine/eftect)

During your Main Phase, your
opponent cannol activate the
elfects of monsters in the same
-olumn as one of your “S—Force"
jonsters,
F your opponent Nermal or Special
Summons a manster(s) while you
contral an "S-Force" monster
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand,
You can only use this effect of "S—
Force Dag Tag" once per turn.


Frame 2397: ser ep2ie «| ae

GR 22

Frame 2398: Shadaw @haul af the Labyrinit

@s ¢€ 1300 ®1300
iZombia/Eftecth a — |
You can discarc! this card, aad 1!
“Labyrinth Wall” card from your
Ss) Deck to your hand:
<q Al the start of the Damage Step, If
a your opponent's manéter batlles,

Whije you contral a "Labyrinth Wall®
card) You can banish this card {rom
your GY; destroy thal opponent's
monster 2
You can only"use each effect of
"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"
once per turn.

& fan —
Sia EP 7) ~)

ee Dismantls +10 |
(CR Seneiais” 20 )


Frame 2399: Shadow Ghat af he Labi)

@s 6 @1800 ©1300

Rombieiettet]
You can discard this card; add 1
“Labyrinth Wall* card from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Damage Step, if
your opponent's monster battles,
while you contro} a "Labyrinth Wall"
card; You can banish this card trom
your GY; destroy that oppenent's
monster

You can only use each effect of
“Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth”
‘once per turn.

AA How to obtain

tls

| ae
a Varo
= Cen)

@ v0

Generate 9 -30

as

Dismantie


Frame 2400: 591

2s se ee

5 2 @1e00 @1300
(Zombie/Effect] ls
You can discard this card; add 1
“Labyrinth Wall” card from your

Deck to your hand,

Al the start of the Damage Step, if
your opponent's monster battles,
while you control a "Labyrinth Wall!”
card: You can banish this card trom
your GY; destroy that opponent's
monster.

You can only use each effect of
"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"
once per turn.

i

|

a jvoi0

Can Dismantle

H+
mo


Frame 2401: i) 501

zis Gese i2

‘Shadow Ghoul af the Labyri a)

as 9° ®1600 61300

(Zombie/Effect]” SS
You can discard this card; add 1
“Labyrinth Wall" card from your
Deck to your hand,

Al the start of the Damage Step, if
your opponent's monster battles,
while you control a “Labyrinth Wall”
card: You can banish this card from
your GY; destroy that opponent's
monster

You can only use each effect of
"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"
once per turn.

—
|
WM Related Cards

1

& jsoio
Can Dismantie a )

La

Generate @# -30


Frame 2402: i) 501

zis Gese i 2z

‘Shadow Ghoul af the Labyri 7

es 9 ®1600 61300

(Zombie/Effect]” =
You can discard this card; add 1
“Labyrinth Wall" card from your
Deck to your hand,

Al the start of the Damage Step, if
your opponent's monster battles,
while you control a “Labyrinth Wall”
card: You can banish this card from
your GY; destroy that opponent's
monster

You can only use each effect of
"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"
once per turn.

—_—

|
WM Related Cards

1

& jsoo

Can Dismantle yt )

La

Generate @ -30


Frame 2403: 501

ce: eC OE

‘Shadow Ghoul af the Labyri #8 '

es 9 ®1s00 61300

(zombie/Etfect!) Saas

You can discard this card; add 1

|
"Labyrinth Wall" card from your =
Deck to your hand, Related Cards
Al the start of the Damage Step, if 1
your opponent's monster battles,
at

while you control a "Labyrinth Wall" ivoo fe. )

Ca

card: You can banish this card trom
your GY; destroy that opponent's ‘Gon Dismentie——
monster.

You can only use each effect of *®  Dismantle =P +10
"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"

once per turn. I

Generate @ -30


Frame 2404: i) 501

2s se i 22

Shadow Ghoul af the Labyrinth

@s 9° ®1600 61300

(ombierentect)
You can discard this card; add 1
“Labyrinth Wall" card from your
Deck to your hand,

Al the start of the Damage Step, if
your opponent's monster battles,
while you control a “Labyrinth Wall”
card: You can banish this card from
your GY; destroy that opponent's
monster

You can only use each effect of
"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"
once per turn.

me A)
ic
WM Related Cards
a = = )

ip

Generate @ -30


Frame 2405: 501

Ce: CE

Shadow Ghoul af the Labyrinth TES)

@5 9 ©1600 61300

(Zombie/Effect]” —Ss
You can discard this card; add 1
“Labyrinth Wall" card from your
Deck to your hand,

Al the start of the Damage Step, if
your opponent's monster battles,
while you control a “Labyrinth Wall”
card: You can banish this card from
your GY; destroy that opponent's
monster

You can only use each effect of
"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"
once per turn.

CA)


Frame 2406: iso eyzie «se |= G22
Shadow Ghoul atthe Labyrinth ll

a5 9 ®1600 61300 |

(ombie/Etteet)

You can discard this card; add 1

|
"Labyrinth Wall" card from your ce

Deck to your hand, Related Cards
Al the start of the Damage Step, if 1

your opponent's monster battles,

1
while you control a "Labyrinth Wall” ge joo
card: You can banish this card trom ( 4
your GY; destroy that opponent's ‘Gon Disman tie —— 4 |" *
monster.
You can only use each effect of -*% Dismantle =P +10

"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth”

‘once per turn. "Generate |= -30


Frame 2407: i) 501

ce: CE

Shadow Ghoul af the Labyrinth — a»
a5 9 ®1s00 61300

(ombierefteet] Al How to obtain

You can discard this card; add 1

"Labyrinth Wall" card from your ce

Deck to your hand. bila
Al the start of the Damage Step, if 1

Your opponent's monster batles, (fe 1)

+1
while you control a "Labyrinth Wall” ge joo

card: You can banish this card from (Eo 1

your GY; destroy that opponent's ‘ConiDiamentie 1

monster.

"Shadow Ghoul of the Labyrinth"

‘once per turn. "Generate §=—- # -30


Frame 2408: @s 3 @ 1600 61300

(ombieened
You can discard this card; add 1
“Labyrinth Wall" card from your
Deck to your hand.

the start of the Damage Step, if
our opponent's monster battles,
while you contral a “Labyrinth Wall”
card: You can banish this card from
your GY; destroy that opponent's
monster.
You can only use each effect of
"Shadow Ghaul af the Labyrinth"
‘once per turn.

{Ai tow to Obtain

A
iH
8

&

+1

& jroo

Can Dismantle a 1

Ay Dismantte = +10

Generale & -30


Frame 2409: ser «zie | se

GR 22

Frame 2410: —— a |

@s #6 ee Siow |
(MschineTuner(ztteci) i
Wf this card you central is used as

Synchro Material, you can treat jl as
anon=Tureny

< You can only use each of the
* igllowing effects of "Whee

Synehyon" once per turn. rs i; aor
During your Main Phase, you can: = ” Eds -terue)
Immediately after this effect (Bee Dimae 0 | “4

resolves. Norma! Summon t Lewe: 4
oF lower monster, alsa you cannat { “7 dismantle «=P 10 |
’ Special Summon monsters from the <<< =~
L Eatra Deck for the rest of this tum, )
axoapl Synchro Monsters. 7


Frame 2411: Wheel Synchron-
es ue
(tachine/Tuner/ettect]

If this card you control is used as
Synchro Material, you can treal it as
a non-Tuner.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wheel
Synchron" once per turn.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Norma) Summon 1 Level 4
‘or lower monster, also you cannat
Special Summon monsters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchro Monsters.

& i/o
Can Dismantle

a

@® +10

Dismantie


Frame 2412: 501

ze Gese dh 22

Wheel Synchron 8

#5 @8 eno ®1000

(Machine/Tunev/efect]

If this card you control is used as
Synchro Material, you can treat it as
a non—Tuner.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wheel
Synchron" once per turn.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot.
Special Summon monsters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchro Monsters.

Can Di

AS Dismantie = @ +10

‘al Generate © -30


Frame 2413: i) 501

2s ese 22

‘ose Sion

@s @e8 ®so00 #1000

(Machine/Tuner/ettect]

IF this card you control is used as
Synchro Material, you can treal it as
a non—Tuner,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wheel
Synchron” once per turn.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchra Monsters.

—__ a-

Al How t0 Obtain
(eo +1
® +10
@® -30

& ji00

Can Dismantle

“= Dismantle

we

Generate


Frame 2414: i) 501

en: Ce

(Machine/Tuner/Etteetl

IF this card you control is used as
Synchro Material, you can treal it as
a non—Tuner,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wheel
Synchron” once per turn.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchra Monsters.

{A How to obtain

gi
@® +10
@® -30

& ji010

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle

wi

Generate


Frame 2415: i) 501

zis Gese  i22

Wheel Synchron Ee)

@5 @8 ®so00 #1000

(Machine/Tuner/Etteet

IF this card you control is used as
Synchro Material, you can treal it as
a non—Tuner,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wheel
Synchron” once per turn.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchra Monsters.

a >

Al How t0 Obtain
(eo +1
® +10
@® -30

& jr010

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle

we

Generate


Frame 2416: i) 501

zis Gese 22

(Machine/Tuner/Etteetl

IF this card you control is used as
Synchro Material, you can treal it as
a non—Tuner,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wheel
Synchron” once per turn.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchra Monsters.

UM How to obtain

as
® +10
@® -30

& jr010

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantle

we

Generate


Frame 2417: i) 501

zis Gese i 22

Wheel Synchron_ ___ 8 —

@5 @8 ®so0 #1000

(Machine/Tuner/eftet

If this card you control is used as

Synchro Material, you can treal it as

a non—Tuner,

You can only use each of the 1
following effects of "Wheel

Synchron" once per turn. & joo

During your Main Phase, you can:

Immediately after this effect ae
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot A Dismantie
Special Summon mansters fram the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, cd Gureraiy

except Synchra Monsters.

® +10
e


Frame 2418: i) 501

zis ese 22

Wheel Synchron_ —__ 8

@5 @8 ®so00 #1000

(Machine/Tuner/ettect]

IF this card you control is used as
Synchro Material, you can treal it as
a non—Tuner,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wheel
Synchron” once per turn.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot
Special Summon monsters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchra Monsters.

& joi0
|

Can Dismantle

® +10

Generate  @-30

-®  Dismantle

ip


Frame 2419: (Machine/Tuner/effect] NN

if this card you control is used as
Synchro Materia), you can treat it as

non-Tuner.
&: can only use gach of the

lowing effacts of "Wheel
Synchron” once per tum.

During your Main Phase, you can:
Immediately after this effect
resolves, Normal Summon 1 Level 4
or lower monster, also you cannot
Special Summon mansters from the
Extra Deck for the rest of this turn,
except Synchro Monsters.


Frame 2420: ser «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2421: - Ving ish Sa aang

@: P2900 @:
(WyrBtfect) no ——

you reveal @ card(s} in your hand
lg activale 2 "Vanquish Sau!" cagd
oreifect texcept during tis Damage
Step): You can Special Summon this
< | card from-your hand é
(Quick Elect); Yousan actitate 1 of
these effects | py revealing
monster (s) if your hand with the
listed Autribute(s); z
@ FIRE! Change the fattle posiion —[-SF Diemantle > +10 |
at | monster on the fieict

i @2 FIRE: Acd 1 ‘Vanquish Soul” ia Genera Gea |
card from your Deck to your hand


Frame 2422: Vanquish Soul tiaaleng ss

es @ ®za00 ®2100

IWyrm/effeet] ee —_ |

If you reveal a card(s) in your hand
to activate a "Vanquish Sou|" card

or effect (except during the Damage

Step): You can Special Summon this

card from your hand.

(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of gy Taro
these effects, by revealing

monster(s) in your hand with the Cenipeentia 1
listed Attribute(s);

Ca)
( (Btiow to obtain

e)

@FIRE: Change the battle position ‘4S Dismantie «= +10

‘af 1 monster on the Field.

@2 FIRE: Add | ‘Vanquish Soul”
card from your Deck to your hand,

=

Generate

@& -30


Frame 2423: ise ayzie «se | G22

Venquith Sou nach a C
@5 @ @za00 2100 }
(Wyemeticct]____ ND |

If you reveal a card(s) in your hand
to activate a "Vanquish Soul" card
or effect (except during the Damage
Step): You can Special Summon this 1

| card from your hand. —— | ie
(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of gy ivoro
these effects, by revealing EQ -1
monster(s) in your hand with the a ul
listed Attribute(s);
@FIRE: Change the battle position Ay Dismantle > +10
of 1 monster on the field

@2 FIRE: Add 1 "Vanquish Soul" We Generate @-30
card from your Deck to your hand,


Frame 2424: i) 501

zis Gese i 22

Vanquish Soul iolong \

@s @ ®2a00 ®2100

(Wyrmjettect)
If you reveal @ card(s) in your hand

to activate a "Vanquish Soul” card

or effect (except during the Damage
Step); You can Special Summon this 1
card from your hand.

(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of ge jroo
these effects, by revealing
monster(s) in your hand with the ‘GenPlamantis “1
listed Attribute(s);

@FIRE: Change the battle position “% Dismantle = @ +10
of 1 monster on the field.

(@2 FIRE: Add 1 "Vanquish Soul" Wl Generate -30
card from your Deck to your hand,


Frame 2425: i) 501

zis Giese i 22

Vanquish Soul Jiaotong j

@s @ ®2a00 ®2100

(Wyrm/ettect]
If you reveal @ card(s) in your hand

to activate a "Vanquish Soul” card

or effect (except during the Damage
Step); You can Special Summon this 1
card from your hand.

(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of ge jroo
these effects, by revealing
monster(s) in your hand with the ‘GenPlamantis “1
listed Attribute(s);

@FIRE: Change the battle position “% Dismantle = @ +10
of 1 monster on the field.

@2 FIRE: Add 1 "Vanquish Sou!" Wl Generate -30
card from your Deck to your hand,


Frame 2426: i) 501

zis se fae

Vanquish Soul Jiaolong eee) \

@s @ ®2a00 ®2100

(Wymm/ettect)
If you reveal @ card(s) in your hand

to activate a "Vanquish Soul” card

or effect (except during the Damage
Step); You can Special Summon this 1
card from your hand.

(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of ge jroo
these effects, by revealing
monster(s) in your hand with the ‘GenPlamantis “1
listed Attribute(s);

@FIRE: Change the battle position “% Dismantle = @P +10
of 1 monster on the field.

(@2 FIRE: Add 1 "Vanquish Soul" Generate -30
card from your Deck to your hand,


Frame 2427: i) 501

en: CE

Vanquish Soul Jiaotong

@s @ ®2a00 ®2100

(wyrm/ettect!
If you reveal a card(s) in your hand
to activate a "Vanauish Soul” card
or effect (except during the Damage
Step); You can Special Summon this
card from your hand.

(Quick Effect); You can activate 1 of
these effects, by revealing
monster(s) in your hand with the
listed Attribute(s);

@FIRE: Change the battle position
of 1 monster an the field

@2 FIRE: Add 1 "Vanquish Sou!"
card from your Deck to your hand,

Can Dismantle

“8; Dismantie

cy


Frame 2428: i) 501

zis ese 22

Varaush Soul ion A]

@s @ ®2a00 ®2100

(Wyrm/Effect) as
If you reveal @ card(s) in your hand
to activate a "Vanquish Soul” card
or effect (except during the Damage
Step); You can Special Summon this
card from your hand.

(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of
these effects, by revealing
monster(s) in your hand with the
listed Attribute(s);

@FIRE: Change the battle position
of 1 monster on the field.

(@2 FIRE: Add 1 "Vanquish Sou!"
card from your Deck to your hand,

:
& jroo
om

Can Dismantle


Frame 2429: ise eyzie «se | G22
Vanquish Soul Jiaolong \ | an

as @ ®2a00 ®2100

:

If you reveal a card(s) in your hand
to activate a "Vanauish Soul” card
or effect (except during the Damage

Step); You can Special Summon this 1

(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of gy jr010

these effects, by revealing ( a4
monster(s) in your hand with the Sennen — 1

listed Attribute(s);

@FIRE: Change the battle position 4 Dismantie
of 1 monster an the field
@2 FIRE: Add 1 "Vanquish Sou!" pt

card from your Deck to your hand,


Frame 2430: Vanquish Soul fiaolong | =

es @ ®zan0 ®z2100

me

If you reveal a card(s) in your hand
to activate a "Vanquish Soul" card
or effect (except during the Damage
qe You can Special Summon this

ard from your hand. Bo o«
(Quick Effect): You can activate 1 of j/o/o

these effects, by revealing a (Ee =4
monster(s) [In your hand with the Cab Tismande’ 1

listed Attribute(s); =

@FIRE: Change the battle position
of 1 monster on the field.

card from your Deck to yaur hand,


Frame 2431: ser «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2432: i) 501

zis se

GR 22

Frame 2433: Flying Elephant

|

eas @1as0 ©1500
cr
Once per opponent's turn, if this
card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed,

Once per turn, during their End
Phase, |t that effect was applied this
turn: Apply the following effect.
@During your next turn, if this card
inflicts battle damage to your

‘opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel.

CA)

& taro

Can Dismantia 0


Frame 2434: 501

zie Gese d22

Flying Elephant
e418 @1es0 ©1500

{Beast/Eftect] eon |
Once per opponent's turn, if this
card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed.
Once per turn, during their End
Phase, if that effect was applied this
turn: Apply the following effect.
@During your next turn, if this card
inflicts battle damage to your
opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel

CAH)
| (Avenssomn

Lo

Cannot Dismantic

®

+t

& ison

CanDismantie 0

erate


Frame 2435: i) 501

zis se fae

aa 8 @1e50 ©1300

(eastietect!
Once per opponent's turn, if this
card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed.
Once per turn, during their End
Phase, if that effect was applied this
turn: Apply the following effect.
@During your next turn, if this card
inflicts battle damage to your
opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel

= la

oa
Bo
as Cannot Dismantie

1
& jvoio

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2436: i) 501

zis se fae
Flying Elephant me =
eae ®1e50 1500 CA)

(easvétect!
Once per opponent's turn, if this
card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed.
Once per turn, during their End
Phase, if that effect was applied this
turn: Apply the following effect.
@During your next turn, if this card
inflicts battle damage to your
opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel

E
Eo

Cannot Dismantie

i
& jvoro

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2437: i) 501

zis Gese i 22
Flying Elephant | =
eae ®1e50 1500 CA)

(eastetect)
Once per opponent's turn, if this
card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed.
Once per turn, during their End
Phase, if that effect was applied this
turn: Apply the following effect.
@During your next turn, if this card
inflicts battle damage to your
opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel

‘
eos)
mH

Cannot Dismantie

How to Obtain
7

i
& jvoro

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2438: i) 501

pais se 22

aa 8 @1es0 ©1500

(Beasvétiect!
Once per opponent's turn, if this

card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed.

Once per turn, during their End 4
Phase, if that effect was applied this

turn: Apply the following effect. & jroo
@During your next turn, if this card =a By oo
inflicts battle damage to your oe
opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel

UM How to obtain

ie

oa

ue

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2439: i) 501

pais Giese fae

eae @1es0 ©1300

(Beasvettect)
Once per opponent's turn, if this

card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed.

Once per turn, during their End q
Phase, if that effect was applied this

turn: Apply the following effect. & jroo
@During your next turn, if this card =e
inflicts battle damage to your a0 Diemnate _8
opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel


Frame 2440: i) 501

zis se 22

Flying Elephant eo

aoe ®1e8s0 1300

(eeasvettect]

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card would be destroyed by their
card effect, it is not destroyed.
Once per turn, during their End
Phase, if that effect was applied this
turn: Apply the following effect.
@During your next turn, if this card
inflicts battle damage to your
opponent by a direct attack, you
win the Duel

CA)
a

a


Frame 2441: | a)
e418 @1e5p 81300 i+)

Weasvettect]

Once per opponent's turn, if this
card would be destroyed by their

card effect, iL is nol destroyed. bd

nce per tui, during thei End

hase, if that effect was applied this Lin
turn; Apply the following effect. ioi0
@During your next tum, iFthiscard Go Diemante a (E< tf

inflicts battle damage to your SS =
‘opponent by a direct attack, you =
win the Duel & Cannot Dismantic


Frame 2442: ser «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2443: i) 501

zis Gas

GR 22

Frame 2444: By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(except a Token) on your side of
the field, inflict 800 points of
damage to your opponent's Lile
Points.

(Atom wo ontan

CA)
5
t=]

& Varo
Can Dismantie 0 )

| =< Cannot Siamantic


Frame 2445: ser ere ss ae

ManThvo! Te! eo a»
a4 & 1000 ©1000
(Beast-Warioi/Ettea NN ¢

By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(except a Token) on your side of
the field. inflict 800 points of
damage to your opponent's Life
Points. Bo +

& ivo/a
Can Dismantle 0 )


Frame 2446: iso eyzie «se | G22
MarThro' Trot

aa &

[Beast-Warrlor/etfect)
By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(except a Token) on your side of

the field, inflict 800 points of

<q damage to your opponent's Life

Points.


Frame 2447: ise eyzie «se | G22

Man-Thro! Trot - — 2

ea 1000 $1000

[Beast-Warrlor/etfect)
By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(excepl a Token) on your side of

the field, inflict 800 points of

damage to your opponent's Life
Points.

{A tow to obtain

1

& ivoio

CanDismantia 0 (ES!

ie

Be Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2448: ser eyzie «se | G22

Man-Thro! Trot 7 SB

es © 1000 $1000

[Beast-Warrlor/etfect)
By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(excepl a Token) on your side of

the field, inflict 800 points of

damage to your opponent's Life
Points.

{A How to obtain

1

& ivoio

Can Diamante 9 (ES!

ie

B Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2449: i) 501

zis Giese ie
al
aa w ®1o00 @1000

(Beast-Warrlor/Efect)
By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(except a Token) on your side of

the field, inflict 800 points of

damage to your opponent's Life
Points.

1
,
Cz”

. Cannot Dismantie

a

Generate


Frame 2450: i) 501

zis ese i 22

Man-Thio! Trot
&a

{Beast-Warrior/EHSCA NN
By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(except a Token) on your side of

the field, inflict 800 points of
damage to your opponent's Life

Points.


Frame 2451: —— an»

a4 & @i000 1000
{Boast-Warrir/étfea__ NNN

By tributing 1 Normal Monster
(excepl a Token) on your side of
@ field, inflict 800 points of [nan nie
jamage to your opponent's Life
& ivo/o
a,

é& Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2452: ser «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2453: i) 501

2s se

GR 22

Frame 2454: 18 1200 ©1600

IMechine/effect
While this card is in Attack Position,
negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you

control (and no other cards).

When this card is destroyed by

battle and sent to the GY: You can
draw 1 card,

(How to optain

Cm)


Frame 2455: ser eis ss ae

— ar-

a4 @ @1200 ©1600
(Machine/Etfec)

While this card is in Attack Position,

negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you ea eeert Cah
wilh

contro! (and no other cards). a

When tis card fs destroyed by (=)
battle and sent to the GY: Youcan irovo

draw 1 card, Ey

Can Dismantie 0


Frame 2456: ise eyzie «se | G22

Cyber Phoenix ee]

a. @ @1200 @1500

(Machine/ettect)
While this card Is in Attack Position,
negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you

control (and no other cards).

When this card is destroyed by

battle and sent to the GY: You can
draw 1 card,

& ino
Can Dismantle

—

* Cannot

ismantie


Frame 2457: sor eyzie «se | G22

Cyber Phoenix eee]

a4 @ ®1200 @1500

(Machine/ettect)
While this card Is in Attack Position,
negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you

control (and no other cards).

When this card is destroyed by

battle and sent to the GY: You can
draw 1 card,

( p
|

nnot £

—oe

jsmantie


Frame 2458: ise eyzie «se |= G22

Cyber Phoenix ees]

a4 @ ®1200 @1500

(Machine/ettect)
While this card Is in Attack Position,
negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you

control (and no other cards).

When this card is destroyed by

battle and sent to the GY: You can
draw 1 card,

( 2
|

nnot E

—- oe

jsmantie


Frame 2459: ise eyzie «se | G22

Cyber Phoenix mess]

a4 @ ®1200 1800

(Machine/ettect)
While this card Is in Attack Position,
negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you

control (and no other cards).

When this card is destroyed by

battle and sent to the GY: You can
draw 1 card,

How to Obtain

(m7 +1

| 1

ivoio
Can Dismantle o

nnot Dismantie


Frame 2460: i) 501

zis Gas i 22
Cyber Phoenix _ a»
a4 @ ®1200 1800

(Machine/ettect)
While this card is in Attack Position,
negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you

control (and no other cards).

When this card is destroyed by

battle and sent to the GY: You can
draw 1 card

How to Obtain

t
& ———

CanDismantle 0

Fd Cannot Dis

nantie


Frame 2461: Cyber Phoenix |

@1200 1500
(Machine/Ettect!
While this card is in Attack Position,
negate any Spell/Trap effects that
target 1 Machine monster you
qn (and no other cards).

hen this card is destroyed by
battle and sent to the GY: You can
draw 1 card

(dA now te ontin

ou
= Bo +
& 1/0/0
BK
carbine (FS -' )
Cannot Disman


Frame 2462: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2463: i) 501

yzis Gas

GR 22

Frame 2464: Biter sth tee
an @1000 ©1000
[Fiond/Efect!
Neither player can Specia) Summon
monsters, excep! DARK monsters.

a
Bo +

& Horo

= =

& Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2465: 501

ze Gese d22

Barrier Statue of the Abyss 8

fay 1000 1000

Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

& ivoio

Can Dismantle 0

‘=


Frame 2466: i) 501

yz ese a2

Santa Sauces

aa ¥ ooo @1000 |

( )
5
1

(Fiend/eftect)
Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

a Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2467: i) 501

yzis Gese i22
Barer Statue ofthe Abs)
aay ooo #1000

(Fiend/ettect)
Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

(Hon o ontain to Obtain

ic,

4 Cannot Dismantie

& inno
CanDismantle 0


Frame 2468: i) 501

y2is se 22
Barer Statue ofthe abyss By
aay ooo #1000

(Fiendveftect)
Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

(A How to ontin to Obtain

—

4 Cannot Dismantie

& jn
CanDismantle 0


Frame 2469: i) 501

y2is se i 22
es
ea ¥ poo @1500

(Fiend/eftect)
Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

(A How o obtain to Obtain

& imo
CanDismantle 0

io

E Cannot Dismantie

(an ae)


Frame 2470: i) 501

Ce: CE

Barrier Statue ofthe Abyss
®1o00 1000
|
Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

How to Obtain

(Arertooni)
iC

il
a,
aa

B Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2471: 501

Ce: eC

a sae ott C 5

ga ¥ ®1000 $1000
(rend/etiect]
Neither player can Special Summon

co

monsters, except DARK monsters.

4
Bo +t
& jro10
By 1

CanDismantle 0

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2472: 501

pais ese a2

Unie Statue ofthe Abyss
ga ®1000 61000
(Fenda)

Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

CA)

i
1

CanDismantle 0
Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2473: i) 581

y2is se i 22
Barrier Statue ofthe Abyss a?
ea ¥ C A)

(Fiendettect)
Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

Cannot Dismantle

& jsoio

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2474: i) 581

2s se gee

Toner Sue oT
aay ®1000 61000
(Fieng/ettect]

Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.


Frame 2475: se ayzie «se | G22
<a |

®1000 1000
|
Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2476: Barer Staiue of the Abyss

aa @.000 $1000

(Fiong/Effect]

Neither player can Special Summon
monsters, except DARK monsters.

<

& iroio

(je )
—— C=

Cannot Dismantis


Frame 2477: iy ser

cS

GR 22

Frame 2478: iy ser

CS

GR 22

Frame 2479: a EE
18 1500 ®s00
(Zombie/Etfect!

Once per turn: You can activate 1
of these effects.

@Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

C A)
@

Di

a toro

Can Dismantle 0

|<

Can


Frame 2480: 591

ze ese dh 22

eae ~ @ soo $e00

(ombie/ettect]
Once per turn; You can activate 1

of these effects.

@Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.


Frame 2481: 581

y2is se 22
‘Shutendajt = —
a4 2 } Cm)
(Zombiefettect]

(Al tow oon
a

Once per turn: You can activate 1
of these effects,

@Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

1
3 iio

CanDismantle 0

os Cannot Dismantic

Lal

Generate


Frame 2482: 581

ee: eC Ed
Shutendoji = —— a
e418 ® Cm)
(Zombiefettect]

How to Obtain
a

Once per turn: You can activate 1
of these effects,

@Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

1
£ io

CanDismantle 0

2s Cannot Dismantic

Lal

Generate


Frame 2483: 581

y2is se 22

‘Shutendaji
e412 ©
(ombie/eted)
Once per turn: You can activate 1

of these effects.

@Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie

monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

1
£ iio

CanDismantle 0

2s Cannot Dismantic

La

Generate


Frame 2484: 581

yzis se i 22

Shutendoji 8

es @ @ 1500 800

(ombiefettet)
Once per turn: You can activate 1

of these effects,

®Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

1
& jso1o

CanDismantle 0

Cannot

a

ntle


Frame 2485: 591

y2is se fae
Shutendoi =
88 ism e200 =:

WombiefEttet)
Once per turn: You can activate 1

of these effects.

®Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

a»
|
:
cal |

ee Cannot Dismantie

1
& jroo

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2486: 591

yz Gas i 22
Shutendoi =
a8 ism e200 =:

(ombierettet)
Once per turn: You can activate 1

of these effects.

@Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

Ca)
|
:
cal |

oe Cannot Dismantie

1
& jroo

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2487: ise ayzie «se G22

Shutendoji 8
aa eo ®1s00 $500

(ombierettet)
Once per turn: You can activate 1

of these effects.

@Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
your GY; draw 1 card,

@Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

i=
:
=}

eo Cannot Di:

1
& jroo

CanDismantle 0

ntle


Frame 2488: Once per turn: You can activate 1
of these effects,
Banish 2 Zombie monsters from
our GY; draw 1 card,
Target 1 of your banished Zombie
monsters; place that target on the
top of your Deck.

e413: @1s00 p00
tZombie/Eneetl EN

o :
js0/0
aie (ET - |
Ln a,

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2489: i) se1

yzie Gas

GR 22

Frame 2490: i) se1

@yzis se

GR 22

Frame 2491: ea 6 ®1700 e005
VZombie/ettect)

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
largat.

aa -
(Atom ovtan
o
of }

& taro

Can Dismantle

Cannot Oismantts


Frame 2492: ss zs | se ——+

Mezuki

aa ¢@ a ®s00

[Zombievenect] NNN =z
You can banish this card from your

GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that

target
(me 1)
joa
Can bismantia _o (EY )
Cannot Dismanttc

Generate


Frame 2493: 501

y2is se i 22
we | CAS)
g4 2 @1700 ®s00
tzombieretteat]
fT

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
target.

Bo Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2494: 501

ee: eC

a EE) C )
a4 e ©1700 $500

(ombierettet] How to Obtain

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
target.

& jsoio
CanDismantle 0

3
1

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2495: 501

ce: eC Ed

ten nn) C )
a1 2 ®1700 $500

(ombierettet] How to Obtain

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
target.

& jsoio
CanDismantla 0

°
1
(= )

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2496: 501

y2is se a2

<a .

a1 8 ® 1700 ® 800 CA)
(ombierettet]

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
target.

:
a =

CanDismanti= 0

a Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2497: 501

yz se 22

—— 2

a1 — @1700 B00 C A)
(ombieetteet]

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
target.

:
a =

CanDismanti= 0

Bo Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2498: 591

y2is se i 22
ton
(Zombiefetfect]__

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
target.

|
a
ol =)

1
& jroo

CanDismanti= 0

te Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2499: ise eyzie «se G22

Mezuki 3) ( a )
aa e ®1700 ®B00
You can banish this card from your

GY, then target 1 Zombie monster
in your GY; Special Summon that
target.


Frame 2500: aa 5 @1700 6800
Womble
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Zombie monster

Jn your GY; Specia) Summon that
igal.


Frame 2501: iy 501

CS

GR 22

Frame 2502: i) se1

Ce

GR 22

Frame 2503: Koa'ki Meiru Guardian _ ES

@.s @1200 ©1200

IRecverrect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
“ron Core of Kea'ki Meiru" from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated

(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do. destroy that monster

Crm)
_ (= )


Frame 2504: 591

ze dese 22

Koa'ki Meiru Guardian 3]

Ld 1800 61200

(Rocwettect]

During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru” from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

Ca)
y

“% Dismantle = @ +10

Wa Generate


Frame 2505: ser ayzie «se | G22

a ol

aaes ®1800 ®1200

fRock/ettect]

During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
“Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

Ca)
( al How 1 ontain

1
Ce


Frame 2506: 591

2s se 22

to ah eT

aae ®1s00 ®1200

(RocW Effect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from

your hand to the GY or reveal 1

Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

= ———
(Aon oan

1
Bo +
& jroo

CanDismantie 1

“8 Dismantie

@® +10

"Bt Generate «= 9-30


Frame 2507: 591

yzis ese i 22

oe ol

aae ®1s00 ®1200

(RocWetfect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from

your hand to the GY or reveal 1

Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

an: aD)
| ( Al How to Obtain

BO +t

1
& jsoro

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2508: 591

yas se ie

aa es ®1800 ®1200

tRock/Effect! —— |

During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

me A)
| (How wo obtain
1
!
ae @ +10

"BI Generates «= -30

Dismantie


Frame 2509: 591

ce: eC Ed

Koa'kiMeiru Guardian

a4 e ®1s00 ®1200

fRockiettect]

During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
“ron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

& jroo

CanDismantie 1

Ed

® +10

‘BI Generate «=P -30

Dismantie


Frame 2510: i) 591

yzis se i 22

Kow'ki Mei Guardian BE)

gos ®1s00 @1200

fRockiettect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
“ron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from

your hand to the GY or reveal 1

Rock monster in your hand.

When a monster effect is activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

— a
=

% Dismantie = +10

"Bl Generate §=— @P -30


Frame 2511: ise ayzie «ae | G22
Koa'kiMeiru Guardian = C ,

go & ®1s00 ®1200

(Rock/Etfect! |
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1 c

“Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru” from

Roi:
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
+1
1

1
When a monster effect is activated ge jroo @. )

(Quick Effect); You can Tribute this
card; negate the activation, and if CanDismentic 1, *
you do, destroy that monster.


Frame 2512: Koa'ki Meiru Guardian oo s)

ea @1s00 1200

(Rockettect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
“Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru" from

four hand to the GY or reveal 1

ck monster in your hand.

When a monster effect |s activated
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this

card; negate the activation, and if
you do, destroy that monster.

How to Obtain

45

Dismantic


Frame 2513: iy ser

CS

GR 22

Frame 2514: iy set

CS

GR 22

Frame 2515: Evocator Chevalier — —

eo. 8 @1s00 ®s00

(Warrlor/Gemini/eftect]
This card is treated as @ Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard,

While this card is face—up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it become an Effect Monster
with this effect

@ You can send 1 face-up Equip
Card you control to the Graveyard,
then target 1 cara your opponent.
controls; destroy that target.

CA)

& iiovo

Can Dismantie 0


Frame 2516: 591

ze Gse | d22

Se  — C

a4 Go @1so0 /

(Warrior/Gemini/Eftect] (Al tHow 20 obtain
oO

This card Is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard.

| While this card is face-up on the 1

field, you can Normal Summon it to

have it become an Effect Monster gy io

with this effect (Ez =|
@You can send 1 face-up Equip —

Card you control to the Graveyard,

then target 1 card your opponent * Cannot Dismiant

controls; destroy that target.
WH Generate «=


Frame 2517: 581

y2is se ie

|

a4 @ ®1s00 @s00
Warrlor/Geminvéttect)
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field

gr in the Graveyard.

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it become an Effect Monster
with this effect.

@You can send 1 face-up Equip
Card you contro) to the Graveyard
then target 1 card your opponent
controls; destroy that target

Cm»)
a

1
& jvoro

CanDismantie 0

| a

Cannot Dis


Frame 2518: 581

Be Qe He
Evocator Chevalier See] ( [x] )
a4 ®1s00 $500

(Wario erin VEAEA
This card Is treated as a Normal

Monster while face-up on the field A

or in the Graveyard.

While this card is face-up on the 1 ov,

field, you can Normal Summon it to B+
have it become an Effect Monster jroo

with this effect. Bo.

@You can send 1 face-up Equip

Card you contro) to the Graveyard,
then target 1 card your opponent
controls; destroy that target

CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dis


Frame 2519: 581

Be Qe Pe
Evocator Chevalier ee] [x] )
a. o ©1800 @500 Ca
(Wario
This card Is treated as a Normal

Monster while face-up on the field A

or in the Graveyard.

While this card is face-up on the 1 oF

field, you can Normal Summon it to B+
have it become an Effect Monster jroo

with this effect. mB.

@You can send 1 face-up Equip

Card you contro) to the Graveyard,
then target 1 card your opponent
controls; destroy that target

CanDismantie 0

Cannot Dis


Frame 2520: 581

yzis ese 22

Evocator Chevalier |

aa @ 15800 #500

(Warrlor/Geminvettect)
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field
or in the Graveyard,

While this card is face—up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it become an Effect Monster
with this effect.

@You can send 1 face-up Equip
Card you contro! to the Graveyard,
then target 1 card your opponent
contrals; destroy that target

a
& jroio
CanDismantie 0 =I )

—H,

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2521: 581

yzis se 22

Fata titer

a4 8 ®1800 @s00

(Warrior eminve]

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard,

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it become an Effect Monster
with this effect.

@You can send 1 face-up Equip
Card you contro! to the Graveyard,
then target 1 card your opponent
contrals; destroy that target.

5 os

c=”

Cannot E

antle


Frame 2522: 501

yz se a2
Evocator Chevalier

a4 8 @1s00 $500 C A_)
[Warrlor/Geminvéffect) |

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field
or in the Graveyard,

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it become an Effect Monster
with this effect.

@You can send 1 face-up Equip
Card you contro! to the Graveyard,
then target 1 card your opponent
contrals; destroy that target.

:
& iroio
Can Dismantle o =I ]

& Cannot Disinanile


Frame 2523: 581

ce: eC Ed

a

a4 8 1800 @s00

(Warrlor/Geminvettect]

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard,

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to
have it become an Effect Monster
with this effect.

@You can send 1 face-up Equip
Card you contro to the Graveyard,
then target 1 card your opponent
contrals; destroy that target.

3 os

oz

Cannot E

antle


Frame 2524: 591

ee: eC

Evocator Chevalier ee] r

ase ®1500 @s00

(Warrlor/Geminvettect_—
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field

or in the Graveyard.

While this card is face-up on the
field, you can Normal Summon it to

1
have it become an Effect Monster ge Joo

with this effect. ;
@You can send 1 face-up Equip Senet Sasa ee:
Card you control to the Graveyard,

1

e

CA)

=)
@—)

then target 1 card your opponent s Cannot Dismantle

contrals; destroy that target.
"BI Generate

fe


Frame 2525: a4 0 @1s00 800

Warrier/Geminvettect]

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the Graveyard.

hile this card is face-up on the
eld, you can Normal Summon it to
have it become an Effect Monster
with this effect.
@You can send 1 face-up Equip
Card you contro) to the Graveyard,
then target 1 card your opponent
contrals; destroy that target.

& ji0/0
=< Ci
a ‘Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2526: iy ser

CS

GR 22

Frame 2527: o4 & Q1apy @iaop
(Machinetetiecth |

Wt you Nemmal or Spee(al Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Darmage Step) Youssn Soecial
Summon tis cand from your Hand
then you tansend 1 Level B Pyro
nionster from your Deck lo the GY
You €2n only use this eflect. ot
"Electro Blaster’ once per tun,
Once per ur. i a Spell Card i
activated (except during the,
Damage Slap); You can make al!
FIRE monsters yau curently cantrab
gain 300 ATK


Frame 2528: Electro Blaster pe |

a. & @1a00 ©1400

(Machine/Effect]
If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster” once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step); You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently control
gain 300 ATK.

Ca)

o

L cal
& toro

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 2529: 501

ze ese db 22

Electro Blaster

_ ss

e4 @ 1800 ®1400

{Machine/Eftect} ls
If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level B Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this etfect of
"Electro Blaster” once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently control
gain 300 ATK.

—Ta_
|
1
—— B+
a “a (fe )


Frame 2530: a) 591

yz se faz
Flectra Blaster ee]
a4 @ @1800 81400

(Machine/ettect]

If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster” once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently contro!
gain 300 ATK.

al How to obtain

iP

a

1
& joio

Can Dismantle

ut

4%} Dismantie

ku

® +10
® -30

Generate


Frame 2531: ay 591

yzis se 22
|
a4 @ @1800 $1400

(Machine/eftect]
If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster” once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently contro!
gain 300 ATK.

a How to obtain

is

a

1
& isola

Can Dismantle

® +10
® -30

4%} Dismantie

ku

Generate


Frame 2532: i) 591

yzis se i 22
Bess iy a=
eae ®1e00 ©1400

Oo

(Machine/eftect]
If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster” once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently contro!
gain 300 ATK.

“Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 2533: i) 591

yzis se i 22
Flectro Blaster | =
aa @ ®1s00 ©1400

(achine/ettect]
If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
‘Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster" once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently control
gain 300 ATK.

a How to obtain

iP

a

1
& jsoio

Can Dismantle

BO +4

i

4%} Dismantie

cI

® +10
® -30

Generate


Frame 2534: 591

y2is se i 22
Electro Blaster _ ar =
oe ren o>

(wachine/eftect]
If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
‘Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster" once per turn.

Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently control
gain 300 ATK.

F
1
&
& joio

[ B Rel:
Can Dismantle “it )
% Dismantle §=—-@P +10

* S30

Generate


Frame 2535: ise ayzie «ae | G22

Electro Blaster 7
a4 @ ®1800 #1400
(wachine/ewect] a ——~

If you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon this card from your hand,
then you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster" once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently control
gain 300 ATK.

Ta.»
-1

A)

& jroo

Can Dismantle }
‘% Dismantle «=P +10
‘Bt Generate =} -30


Frame 2536: Electro Blaster 8

a4 6 @1e00 #1400

Machine/eteet)
IF you Normal or Special Summon a
FIRE monster(s) (except during the

amage Step); You can Special

jummon this card from your hand.
lhen you can send 1 Level 8 Pyro
monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can only use this effect of
"Electro Blaster" once per turn.
Once per turn, if a Spell Card is
activated (except during the
Damage Step): You can make all
FIRE monsters you currently contra|
gain 300 ATK.

{Ai iow to obtain

-

Bo +1

i/oi0
my

&

Can a

@ +10

Generate

4S Dismantte

F


Frame 2537: sor «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2538: a von wai Won
@4 « disp Giz
IReckiéMect) =

During cach of your End Ptrases.!
destioy jhis card unless you Send]
5 “Iran Core of Koali Mein" fronr
your hand fo the GY or reveal 1
< Rock monsteriin yourthand.

pow Sinead a 2 a
Sn ard (Quick Effect); you car ( 4
Trikute thls card negate th= Soci (ES “4
activation, and |f you do, destroy

iQ
tnat card. (4 Dismantle = Gerio — |
a ‘Generate = @y-30 |

Frame 2539: Koa'ki Meiru Wall
@4s

[RecWvettect)

During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from
your hand to the GY ar reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card

1300 ©1200

& taro

Can Dismantie 1

>]

=1


Frame 2540: 501

ze Gese d22

Koa'ki MeiuWall AE) 1 C »
|

fas 1500 ©1200

{Rock/étfect!_
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru” from

your hand to the GY or reveal 1

Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a

Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

that card. “ Dismantle §=— @ +10


Frame 2541: 581

y2is se 22
Koa'kiMeiu Wall
te SES Cn)

[Rock/éttect]|_
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"ron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card


Frame 2542: 581

yz se i 22

Koa'kiMeiu Wall

ase ®1s00 ®1200

IRock/éttect]|
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"ron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card

( »


Frame 2543: 501

yzis se 22

Koa'ki Mei Wall

a4 6 ®1s00 ®1200

[Rock/Ettect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"ron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card

( »


Frame 2544: 581

yzis se i 22
Koa'kiMeiu Wall = Cn)
ase @1s00 61200

TRock/Etfect! a

During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
“ron Core of Koa’ki Meiru® from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card

e


Frame 2545: 581

He Ge Ge
Koa'ki Meiru Wall, we] _
ass @1s00 ©1200

(Rock/ettect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru” from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card,

|

-% Dismantle §=—-@P +10

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 2546: i) 501

y2is se i 22

Koa'ki Meiru Wall 3]

ase @1s00 ®1200
(RocW/ettect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru* from

your hand to the GY or reveal 1

Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a

Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

that card.

“Sy Dismantie §~— +10

"Bl Generate §=— @P -30


Frame 2547: i) 501

y2is se i 22
Koa'kiMeiru Wall a?
gas @1500 $1200 Cm)

(Rock/ettect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru* from
your hand to the GY or reveal 1
Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card.

|
1

& joio

Can Dismantle “4 }
“Ry Dismantle = +10


Frame 2548: i) 501

y2is se i 22

Koa'ki Meiru Wall wee]

ase @1s00 ®1200
(Rock/Ettect]
During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
"Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru* from

your hand to the GY or reveal 1

Rock monster in your hand.

When your opponent activates a

Spell Card (Quick Effect): You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy

that card.

& eT)

Can Dismantle

-%  Dismantle

"BI Generate


Frame 2549: Koa'ki Mei Walh

gag @1so0 1200

(RocWettect]

During each of your End Phases,
destroy this card unless you send 1
“Iron Core of Koa’ki Meiru" from
our hand to the GY or reveal 1
qe. monster |n your hand,
When your opponent activates a
Spell Card (Quick Effect); You can
Tribute this card; negate the
activation, and if you do, destroy
that card

jro/0

&

Can Dismantle
7 Dismantle = @®

Generate =) -30

(Ry

#10

if


Frame 2550: sor «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2551: oe. 3¢ 200 405
WFairv((unefetect] —
Far a Synchro Summan, yau-can!
subsiitute \iris cafhfot any |
“Neriic” Ture. (Pltite card is Used
as Synchro Material: all offer

9) Synchro Materials. must be "Nofdic!
nyorsters.
ORES per mm: You tan send 1 (i
"Nordic | monster fram your Deck tg = fae Dlmentie 1"
the GY: thts card's Level becomes >
the Level of that monster, until the 7% dismantie “vio — |

end al this turn.
( Gsperety = Be=30 |


Frame 2552: made ofthe Nore Ancona

Cre) 1200 €a00

IFairy/Tuner/effect]
For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitule this card for any 1
“Nordic Tuner. It this card is used
as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters.

Once per turn: You can send 1
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Level becomes
the Level of that monster, until the
end of this turn.

CA)
Bo +

& taro
Ey

Can Dismantle


Frame 2553: ser eis se ae
Vanadis of the Nowdie Ascendant)

@. 28 1200 ®ano

[Falry/Tuner/Etfect
For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1

"Nordic® Tuner, If this card is used

as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters. a
Once per turn: You can send 1

"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Level becomes
the Level of that monster, until the Ay Dismantic = @ +10

end of this turn
Wl Generate =

( )
|

Can Dis


Frame 2554: 581

y2is se i 22

Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant El - C

e188 @1200 Sa00 | )
(Fay gt EGET

For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1
"Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used
as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters.

Once per turn: You can send 1
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Level becomes
the Level of that monster, until the
end of this turn

1
Bo 1
& isoio ——

Can Dismantle
@ 110

‘fl Generals «=P -30

-  Dismantie


Frame 2555: 591

y2is se i 22

Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant EA = aa: | D
e188 ®1200 ®a00 Lf _
(Fateh EHEET

For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1
"Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used
as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters.

Once per turn: You can send 1
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Level becomes
the Level of that monster, until the
end of this turn

1
Bo 1
& isoio —

Can Dismantle
@ 110

‘fl Generals «=P -30

-%  Dismantie


Frame 2556: 581

y2is se i 22
Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant EA = —
e486 ®i1200 &a00 CA)
{Fairy/Tunet/etieet!

For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1
"Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used
as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters.

Once per turn: You can send 1
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Level becomes
the Level of that monster, until the
end of this turn

1
Bo 1
& isso ——

Can Dismantle
@ 110

‘fl Generals «=P -30

“  Dismantie


Frame 2557: ser ayzie «ae | GR 22
Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant P

ea a8 @1200 Bao0
(Faity/Tunsr/etiect]

For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1
"Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used
as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters.

Once per turn: You can send 1
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Level becomes

the Level of that monster, until the  Dismantie §=—-@P +10
end of this turn

‘Bl Generate «= 2-30

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2558: ise eyzie «se GR 22
rene

a4 oe ®i200 @a00

(Faity/Tunsr/etect]_
For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1

"Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used

as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"

|

monsters. a
Once per turn: You can send 1 =e (Ee 4 —)
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to Gan Dismantle _
the GY; this card's Level becomes

the Level of that monster, until the = Dismantle =P +10

end of this turn
‘BI Generate =

e
EB


Frame 2559: (B21
Vanadis of the Nordic Asc CA)
a4 oe

(Faity/Tunsr/Efect]

For a Synchro Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1
"Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used
as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters.

Once per turn: You can send 1
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Leval becomes
the Level of that monster, until the
end of this turn

|
& jroo

(Ee -
Can Dismantle = u

2; Dismantie +10


Frame 2560: es. 08 @1200 a9
(Fatry/Tunerietecti

For a Synchra Summon, you can
substitute this card for any 1
"Nordic" Tuner. If this card is used
= Synchro Material, all other
ynchro Materials must be "Nordic"
monsters.
Once per turn; You can send 1
"Nordic" monster from your Deck to
the GY; this card's Level becomes =
the Level of that monster, until the = 4 Dismantie

end of this turn,


Frame 2561: ser «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2562: sor «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2563: —————C—

e419 @1500 ®1000

ISpelleaster/ettect]
Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8 this card

becomes that Level until the end of
this turn,

You can only control 1 "Gagaga
Magician”

Cannot be used as a Synchro
Material

Ca)


Frame 2564: 501

ze Gese  d22

a

ea @1s00 ©1000
(Spellcaster/ettect]

Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8; this card
becomes that Level until the end of
this turn.

You can only control 1 "Gagaga
Magician”. & OU
Cannot be used as a Synchro
Material


Frame 2565: 581

yz Gas i 22

Se ee
e149 ®u ®1000
[Spollcaster/Etfect]_
Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8; this card

becomes that Level until the end of
this turn

You can only control 1 "Gagaga
Magician”.

Cannot be used as a Synchro
Material.

( »

: ah
F
2


Frame 2566: 581

yzis se i 22

|
e490 ®1so0 #1000
[Spollcaster/Etfect]_
Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8; this card

becomes that Level until the end of
this turn

You can only control 1 "Gagaga
Magician”.

Cannot be used as a Synchro
Material.

( D

: aon
F
2


Frame 2567: 581

yzis se 22

Se ee
e410 Ou
{Spolicaster/Etfect]
Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8; this card

becomes that Level until the end of
this turn

You can only control 1 "Gagaga
Magician".

Cannot be used as a Synchro
Material.

( »


Frame 2568: 581

ee: eC

Gagaga Magician S|

e490 1000

[Spellcaster/Etfect]
Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8; this card

becomes that Level until the end of
this turn.

You can only control 1 "Gagaga
Magician".

Cannot be used as a Synchro.
Material.

CH
|
Les)

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2569: 591

yz se i 22

Gagaga Magician : —)

ea 9 ®1s00 #1900

(Spelicaster/Enecth
Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8; this card

becomes that Level until the end of
this turn.

You can only control 1 "Gagaga
Magician".

Cannot be used as a Synchro
Material.

Cannot Dismantle

& isoio

CanDismantls 0


Frame 2570: 591

Ce: eC

So of CR)

a4 9 ®1s00 #1000
(Spellcaster/Enecth
Once per turn: You can deciare a

Level from 1 to 8; this card (Carats wes
becomed tet leva il treed , ==
this turn.

Magician”. & iyoi0

Cannot be used as a Synchro.

3 Can Dismantle
Material. cooDeemnatle—0

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2571: e410 @1sp0 61000
[Spellcaster/Effect)
Once per turn: You can declare a
Level from 1 to 8; this card

mes that Level until the end of

< is turn
‘ou can only contrel 1 "Gagaga

Magician".

Cannot be used as a Synchro
Material.

Bo +
jio/0
= Czy
i Cannot Dismantie

Generate

=


Frame 2572: sor «zis «| se

GR 22

Frame 2573: sor «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2574: Gogoga Giant

Sa |

a4 @2000 ®o

cc
When this card is Normal

Summoned) You can target 1
*Gogogo" monster in your GY:
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.

If this card attacks, if is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase.

Ca)

A How to obtain

* toro

aati “ts


Frame 2575: 501

ze Gese d22

m1 = 2000 pb 4

(RocwEttect|
When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can larget 1
"Gogogo” monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in

Defense Position, then change this  — | ca +f
card to Defense Position. & an
If this card attacks, it is changed to Be o-t

Defense Position at the end of the Can Dismantie 0
Battle Phase.

+ Cannot Dismantia


Frame 2576: 581

yz se 22

GogoyoGiat

a1 6 ©2000 60

fRockietteet]
When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can target 1
"Gogogo" monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.

If this card attacks, it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase

& iso

Can Dismantle

cS Cannot Dismantie

@


Frame 2577: 581

ce: eC

Gogoge Giant
Ra

(Rockiettect]
When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can target 1
"Gogogo" monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.

If this card attacks, it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase

a

©2000 60

=
i
= » Ci

ce Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2578: 581

(B21

Gogoge Giant
Rg.

EE

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
“Gogogo" monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.

If this card attacks, it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase

Related Cards

4 Cannot Dismantie

Ml

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2579: 581

CS

Gogogo Giant = i)

a4 & ®z000

(Rock/Eteet!

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
"Gogogo" monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.

If this card attacks, it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase

Related Cards

os Cannot Dismantie

Nes

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2580: 581

(By ais @se GR 22
PPE: aan CA)
i |

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
“Gogogo” monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position

If this card attacks, it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase


Frame 2581: 591

(B21

Gogoge Giant
Rae

[Rock/Etfect] ee |
When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1
"Gogogo" monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.

It this card attacks, it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase


Frame 2582: 581

ee: eC

2

ga e ®2000 #0

(Rock/Etfect! a |
When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can target 1
"Gogogo" monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.

If this card attacks, it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase

CA)
1

& jroo

CanDismantle 0 a ]

'@! Generate «=P -30

ll
H


Frame 2583: a41e @®z2000 60
(RocWettect]

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
Gogogo" monster in your GY:
pecial Summon that target in
jefense Position, then change this
card to Defense Position.
It this card attacks. it is changed to
Defense Position at the end of the
Battle Phase

jso10

Can Dismantie 0

Ey

ae Cannot Dismantie

mm Generale «= -30


Frame 2584: sor pais | se

GR 22

Frame 2585: <a

a4 © 1350 ®
Uhurter/Etlect] SS

During eilher player's lum. when'a
card o} ellsct [s|aeBvaled (except
daring Ue Damage Step): You can
banisli (his card you control. During
the pext Standby Phase, return this
card Ban|shed by this etlectitotic
field, anc. jf you de, it gains 300
AIK

You can only use this effect of
“Dwilswarm Thundaroitg” once par
turn


Frame 2586: T° |

ea 9 @1a50 ©1050

(hunder/ettect!

During either player's turn, when a
card of effect |s activated (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card you control. During
the next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the
field, and if you do, it gains 300
AIK.

You can only use this effect of
“Eyilswarm Thunderbird" once per
turn,

= CR)
(Al ow to onisn

L cai

Cc

+1

& iioro

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 2587: 501

ze ese db 22

Evilswarm Thunderbird — a) '

a4 1880 61050

(hundarettect]
During either player's turn, when a
card or effect is activated (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card you control. During
the next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the ina
field, and if you do, it gains 300 se
AIK
You can only use this effect of

“Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per
turn,


Frame 2588: 581

yz se i 22

Evilswarm Thunderbird ==

a4 ©1680 ®1050

(Thunder/éttect]
During either player's turn, when a
card or effect is activated (except
during the Damage Step); You can
banish this card you control. During
the next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the
field, and if you do, it gains 300
ATK.

You can only use this effect of

“Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per
turn.

& ioio
Can Dismantle al )
“4 Dismantie =P +10

5


Frame 2589: 581

yz se i 22

Evilswarm Thunderbird =

a4 1680 ®1050

(Thunder/éttect]
During either player's turn, when a
card or effect is activated (except
during the Damage Step); You can
banish this card you control. During
the next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the
field, and if you do, it gains 300
ATK.

You can only use this effect of

“Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per
turn.

=

& imo

cm
ae )


Frame 2590: 591

ee: eC

Evilswarm Thunderbird =

a4 1680 ®1050

(hunder/éttect)
During either player's turn, when a
card or effect is activated (except
during the Damage Step); You can
banish this card you control. During
the next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the
field, and if you do, it gains 300
ATK.

You can only use this effect of

“Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per
turn.

(A von ooonin) How to Obtain

(Cretata cares) Cards

a

Dismantie Re 10


Frame 2591: 581

yzis se i 22

Evilswarm eee

a4 @1es0 ®1050

(Thunder/éttect]
During either player's turn, when a
card or effect is activated (except
during the Damage Step); You can
banish this card you control. During
the next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the
field, and if you do, it gains 300
ATK.

You can only use this effect of

“Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per
turn.

C=”

CanDismantia 1


Frame 2592: 581

yzis ese i 22

card oF effect is activated (except
during the Damage Step); You can (Crete cara) Cards

banish this card you control. During
the next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the
field, and if you do, it gains 300

Evilswarm ee

aa 1850 ®1050

(Thunder/Etfect) laa (A von ooonin) How to Obtain
During either player's turn, when a

C=

ATK. CanDismantie 1
You can only use this effect of
“Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per ez ismantle P+ 10

turn,


Frame 2593: <<<: |

es @.1e50 $1050

(Thundeventect]
During either player's turn, when a
card or effect is activated (except

uring the Damage Step); You can

anish this card you control. During

3 next Standby Phase, return this
card banished by this effect to the
field, and if you do, it gains 300 =
ATK. Can Dismantle 1
You can only use this effect of
“Eullswarm Thunderbird" once per
turn.

aD
(Al row ta obtain


Frame 2594: (sor zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2595: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2596: —— |
eo @o @1m0
[Spelicasterefet)
Once per turn: You can increase
this card’s Level by 4 until the end
of this turn:
< You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to
your hand, exceot "Galaxy Wizard".


Frame 2597: 501

ze ese dh 22

@a 2 eco 8 1s00 a
{Spolicaste/ettect]

Once per turn; You can increase
this card's Level by 4 until the end
of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
"Galaxy" card from your Deck to
your hand. except "Galaxy Wizard"

2 CHEE
& 2/0/0
= Ci)

Cannot Dismant


Frame 2598: 581

yz se 22

aa eo 1800

[Spelicaster/Ettect]
Once per turn: You can increase

this card's Level by 4 until the end

of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to.

your hand. except "Galaxy Wizard"

How to Obtain

n
ia

& 3/010

7 =
Can Dismantie o mE i

Cannot Dian

oe


Frame 2599: 581

yzis se 22

Galaxy Wizard ————

@a¢ eo ®1s00
(Seotleabter/etea

Once per turn: You can increase
this card's Level by 4 until the end
of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to.
your hand. except "Galaxy Wizard"

How to Obtain

Cannot Dismantic

C—O


Frame 2600: 581

yzis se fae
Ra eo 1800 pa

{Spoltcaster/entect]
Once per turn: You can increase

this card's Level by 4 until the end

of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to

your hand. except "Galaxy Wizard"

a
Can Dismantie 0

Cannot

antle


Frame 2601: 581

pais se i 22
Galaxy Wizard | — =
a4 9 eo 1800
[Spelicaster/ettect]

Once per turn: You can increase
this card's Level by 4 until the end
of this turn.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
"Galaxy" card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Galaxy Wizard".

:

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2602: ise eyzie «se 22

a4 9 eo ®1so00

Once per turn: You can increase
this card's Level by 4 until the end
of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Galaxy Wizard".


Frame 2603: ise ayzie «se | G22

a49 eo ®1s00

Once per turn: You can increase
this card's Level by 4 until the end
of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Galaxy Wizard".


Frame 2604: 581

yzis se 22
voted ee Co)
a4 9 eo ®1s00

Once per turn: You can increase
this card's Level by 4 until the end
of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Galaxy Wizard".

Cannot Dismantle

— oe


Frame 2605: 581

yzis se ie
a49 eo ®1s00
{Speltcaster/etect]

Once per turn: You can increase
this card's Level by 4 until the end
of this tum.

You can Tribute this card; add 1
“Galaxy” card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Galaxy Wizard".

|
a =F

2
& 3/0/0

CanDismantie 0


Frame 2606: Galaxy Wizard

a4 0
{Spellcaster/Effect!
Once per turn: You can increase

this card's Level by 4 until the end
f this tum.
& can Tribute this card; add 1
‘Galaxy" card from your Deck to
your hand. except "Galaxy Wizard".

@o

®1s00

C A)

on)
Bo +

& 2/0/0

== 2 Cz.


Frame 2607: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2608: ay
@Onee per turn Iyeu control ne PS =
{| alher monsters: You ean Special Saal lee)
Summon 1 ‘Wehie Knight” monster (3 —Blemantle P10 )

Noble Knight Mesfieut
em
Warrigy/Stfocth

This card js treatedas a Norimal +
Monste while face-up on ihe field,

While equipped wilt "Noble Arms"

(anames cree) |

Equlp Spell, this card becomes an CED}
Effect Monster willy Ufls effect, oe (BO UF,
@This card becomes, DARK and Its aro —

Level fs increased by 1 Can Diamante 1 { ‘4
ae aa

from your Deck in Mefense Positinn
excadt “Noble Knight Macraut" and fr Coney a0 |
if you do, destroy | Eaulp Spel you — =


Frame 2609: Noble Knight Medraut ae

as 1700 ©1000
(Warrlor/Etfect) ee |
This card |s treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms”
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect.
@lhis card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1

Once per turn. |f you control ne
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 “Noble Knight" monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except “Noble Knight Medraut", and
if you do, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

& ioro

Can Biamartia 4 (EY

e
"P Generate

4% Dismantie +10


Frame 2610: 501

ze Gse | d22

Noble Haight Mediaut__

ea @ 1700 $1000

‘(Warrlor/Effect) =a |
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms”
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect.
@This card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

@Once per turn, It you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 “Noble Knight” monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut", and
if you do, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

=

Ai tow to obtain

2
é
t \/

= | oe
& itso
Can Dismantle Lr
“SS Dismantle §=—@ +10

:

MBI Generate §=—- > -30


Frame 2611: 581

yzis se i 22

‘ean mt

a4 8 ®1700 ®1000

(Warrlor/efect|
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect.

@ This card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

@Once per tum, if you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster (“ Dismantie +10
from your Deck in Defense Position,

except "Noble Knight Medraut”, and (“WB Generate) 30
if you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

Can Dismantle


Frame 2612: 591

(yz se i 22

vinta

a4 8 ®1700 ®1000

(Warrloretect]
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms’
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect,

@ This card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

@Once per turn, if you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut", and
if you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

|

& jsoio

Can Dismantle 1

|


Frame 2613: 591

Ce: eC

wtih eS

a4 8 ®1700 ®1000

(Warrloretect]
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms’
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect,

@ This card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

@Once per turn, if you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 “Noble Knight" monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut", and
if you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

|

& jsoio

Can Dismantle 1

| oom


Frame 2614: 581

yzis se i 22

Tie Wight ada

a4 8 ®1700 ®1000

(Warrlorfettect]_—___
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field,
While equipped with a "Noble Arms
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect,
@this card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

@Once per tum, if you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut", and
If you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

; |


Frame 2615: 581

yzis se ie

Noble Knight Mecraut ey

a4 8 ®1700 ®1000

Warrlorfetect]
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field,
While equipped with a "Noble Arms
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect,
@this card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

@Once per tum, if you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut", and
If you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

|
& jsoio
Can Dismantle 3 ]

A Dismantie §=—-@ +10

Wil Generate «= -30

|


Frame 2616: 581

(iy2is se i 22

Noble Knight Medraut ms , at ——
a. 8 1700 1000 CA)

{Warrlor/effect] === \
This card is treated as a Normal

Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms"

Equip Spell, this card becomes an 1

Effect Monster with this effect, = (me +)
@This card becomes DARK and its & jroo

Level is increased by 1. Aine A
@Once per turn, if you control no ||

other monsters: You can Special

Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster [ Dismantie — +10

from your Deck in Defense Position,

If you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you


Frame 2617: 581

(iy2is se i 22

Noble Knight Medraut ___ 8 ' = a — ee
a4 0 ©1700 $1000 Cm)

{Warrlor/effect] =a \
This card is treated as a Normal

Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms"

Equip Spell, this card becomes an 1

Effect Monster with this effect, (me +)
@This card becomes DARK and its & jroo

Level is increased by 1. apna A
@Once per turn, if you control no |

other monsters: You can Special

Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster [% Dismantie — @ +10

from your Deck in Defense Position,

micep snob knign Meats snd Gamaie 0)
If you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you


Frame 2618: 581

(y2is se i 22

Noble Knight Medraut 8

a4 8 ®1700 ®1000

Warrtorfettect]
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect,
@This card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

Once per tum, if you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut’, and
if you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

Ca)
|
Can Dismantle et )


Frame 2619: 581

(iy2is se i a2

Noble Knight Medraut __ ey

a4 8 ®1700 ®1000

{Warrlor/effect] ow |
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms"
Equip Spell, this card becomes an
Effect Monster with this effect,

@ This card becomes DARK and its
Level is increased by 1.

@Once per turn, if you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut”, and
\f you da, destroy 1 Equip Spell you

CA)

1

Can Dismantle

a

9% Dismantie

#10


Frame 2620: Noble Knight Medraut ag

a. @ @1700 $1000

Warrorefet)
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field,
hile equipped with a "Noble Arms"
quip Spel, this card becomes an
ject Monster with this effect
@ this card becomes DARK and its
Level \s increased by 1.
@Once per tum, it you control no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 "Noble Knight” monster
from your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Noble Knight Medraut", and
if you do, destroy 1 Equip Spell yau

& jroro
conbiomane 1 (ES -'
4p Diemants «= @ 110


Frame 2621: ser «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2622: ser epzis | se

GR 22

Frame 2623: Electromagnetic Turtle, _ Ls

Cr) eo @1e00
(MachineEftect!

During your opponent's Battle
Phase (Quick Effect); You can
banish this card from your GY: end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel

CA)

|

& 3/010

Can Dismantle 0

= t=]

Es Cannot Didmantis


Frame 2624: 501

ze se dh 22

Electromagnetic Turtle |

a1 @ eo 1500

(Machine/ENect)
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

2/0/0
“_— Ci
Cannot Dismam


Frame 2625: 581

yzis se 22

Sesomgnaic Taian!

a4 @ oo 1500

(Machine/entect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

is

How to Obtain
o
2
Bo +
& 3/010
1

CanDismantie 0

ate Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2626: 581

yz se i 22

Soman Taie

a4 @ eo 1500

(Machine/etect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel,

iP

How to Obtain
o
2
BO +
& 3/010
1

CanDismantie 0

ate Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2627: 581

yz se i 22

SesomgnaicToia

ase @o 1800
(Machins/ettect]

During your opponent's Battle
Phase (Quick Effect); You can
banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel,

& 3/0/0

CanDiemantio 0 (EY

:

ote Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2628: 581

yzis se i 22

a4 @ eo ®1800

(achine/enect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel,

(@mnmm)

& 20
CanDismantie 0 ——

ote Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2629: 581

y2is se i 22
Electromagnetic Turtle

ase —— ®1s00
(Machine/efect]

During your opponent's Battle
Phase (Quick Effect); You can
banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel,

(dA tow obtain to Obtain

C=”
J o-1
CanDismantie 0


Frame 2630: so

pais se i 22

Tochonainalt ee]

a4 @ eo 1500

(Machine/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

=9 Cn)
:

2
& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

te Cannot


Frame 2631: so

y2is se i 22

Techonainale TE]

a4 @ eo 1500

(Machins/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

a7 Cn)
:

2
& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ts Cannot


Frame 2632: 581

pais se i 22

<i ol

a4 @ eo 1500

(Machins/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

=a Cn)
:

2
& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ts Cannot


Frame 2633: 581

y2is se i 22

Electromagnetic Tu nee)

a4 @ eo ®1500

Imachine/etect) NL
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end.
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

a
2
& 3/010
J +1
CanDismantie 0 (ES

oe: Cannot Dismantic


Frame 2634: 581

yzis se i 22

Techonainalt TE]

ase @0 1800
(Machins/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2635: 581

yz se i 22

Techonainalt TE)

ase @0 1800
(Machins/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2636: 581

yzis se 22

<i |

ase @o 1500
(Machine/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2637: 581

yzis se iz

Techonaisale TE]

ase @o 1800
(Machins/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2638: 581

yzis se 22

Techonainalt TE]

ase @o 1800
(Machins/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2639: 581

yzis se iz

Techonsinalt TE)

ase @o 1800
(Machins/ettect]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2640: 581

yzis Gese ia2

Techonainalt TE]

a4 @ eo 1500
(Machineetfaa]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010
a Ce

eS Cannot Diemantie


Frame 2641: 581

(y2is se i 22

Tiochonainalt TE)

a4 @ eo 1500
(Machinietiaa]
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 3/010
ap

fs Cannot Diemantie


Frame 2642: 581

yz Giese fae

Tiechonaisalt TE)

a4 @ eo 1500

(Machins/ettect)
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

a
2
Caz

& Cannot

antic


Frame 2643: 581

(yzis se i 22

Tiochonaitalt TE)

a4 @ eo 1800

(Machins/ettect)
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Battle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

a
2
Czy

& Cannot

antic


Frame 2644: so

Ce: eC

Tiochonagnatc Tota EE)

a4 @ eo 1500

(Machine/ettect)
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Batlle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

o>
(azn)

aM How to obtain

& 20
CanDismantie 0 }

Cannot Diemantle


Frame 2645: so

yzis Gas i 22

Tiochonagnatc Tita EE)

a4 @ eo 1500

(Machine/ettect)
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Batlle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

e-
(Gene)

aM How to obtain

& 20
CanDismantie 0 )

Cannot Diemantle


Frame 2646: 581

(y2is se i 22

Tiochonagnatc Toa E)

a4 @ @o 1800
(Machine/ettect)
During your opponent's Battle

Phase (Quick Effect); You can

banish this card from your GY; end
the Batlle Phase.

You can only use this effect of
“Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel.

& 2/010
ge -
CanDismantia 0 (ES -!

Cannot Dismantie

"Bl Generate © -30


Frame 2647: Electromagnetic Turtle Saar |

e148 @o
Machine/etteet)

During your opponent's Battle
Phase (Quick Effect); You can
banish this card from your GY; end
he Battle Phase.

‘ou can only use this effect of
"Electromagnetic Turtle" once per
Duel,

>»

ean

a
Bo +i

& 2/0/0

Condiments 0 (ES tL

— oe


Frame 2648: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2649: ser epzis | se

GR 22

Frame 2650: oeosate

@4 6 1700 1000
(Thunder/éttect
Cannot be Special Summoned.

While you control ne Set
Spells/Traps, neither player can Set
Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap

Cards that are Set on the field.


Frame 2651: ser eis ss ae

Denka Sokka ~~ _F ab
Qa ey 1700 ©1000
(Thundar/ete) NNN

Cannot be Special Summoned.

While you control no Set
< Spells/Traps, neither player can Set

Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
Cards that are Set on the field.


Frame 2652: 581

yzis se 22
aa ®1700 @1000

(hunder/eftec]
Cannot be Special Summoned,

While you control no Set
Spells/Traps, neither player can Set
Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
Cards that are Set on the field.

How to Obtain

& ivoio

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2653: 581

yzis se i 22
=
aa ®1700 @1000

(hunder/eftect]
Cannot be Special Summoned,

While you control no Set
Spells/Traps, neither player can Set
Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
Cards that are Set on the field.

dM tow to obtain

oa
1

& ivolo

Can Dismantie 1
& @ +10
Wel Generate «= -30

Dismantie

it


Frame 2654: 581

(y2is se i a2
aa ®1700 @1000

(hunder/eftec]
Cannot be Special Summoned,

While you control no Set
Spells/Traps, neither player can Set
Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
Cards that are Set on the field.

Oo
a8 |

& ivolo

Can Dismantie 1
& @ +10
Wel Generate «= -30

Dismantie


Frame 2655: 581

yz se i 22
aa ®1700 ®1000

(hunder/eftect]
Cannot be Special Summoned,

While you control no Set
Spells/Traps, neither player can Set
Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
Cards that are Set on the field.

Oo
a8 a

& ivolo

Can Dismantie 1
& @ +10
Wel Generate «= -30

Dismantie


Frame 2656: 581

y2is se i 22
aa ®1700 @1000

(hunder/eftec]
Cannot be Special Summoned,

While you control no Set
Spells/Traps, neither player can Set
Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
Cards that are Set on the field.

Oo
a8 a

& ivolo

Can Dismantie 1
& @ +10
Wel Generate «= -30

Dismantie


Frame 2657: 581

y2is se i 22
aa ®1700 1000

(hunder/eftec]
Cannot be Special Summoned,

While you control no Set
Spells/Traps, neither player can Set
Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
Cards that are Set on the field.

How to Obtain

Oo
1
=
Can Dismantie ft a “4 )

& @ +10

Hl Generate «= -30

Dismantie


Frame 2658: Denko Sekka mre]

ea & @.700 1090
(Thundeveftect)
Cannot be Special Summoned.
While you contral no Set
pells/Traps, neither player can Set
pells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap
ds that are Set on the fiel

(Aiiow ta obtain

CR)
a)


Frame 2659: ser epzis | se

GR 22

Frame 2660: Red Sprinte: 7 ao | : ‘a

@4 ®1700 ©iz0p |

IFlama/ertecth = = (Aiton = ont |
When this card [s Normal ar Speeial ——T
Summoned while you gontral no
other monsters: You ean Special

Summon 1 Level 3 orlower Fiend
Tuner-tram your hand” GY. (+ > }
You cen only use this effect oF "Red gp Faro

(-_diemantie +10 )

Frame 2661: Red Sprinter

a9 1700 @1200

IFiend/ettecth
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you contral no
other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red

Sprinter® once per turn.

Ca)

a toro

CenDismantigs (EO -1
& ® +10

@)

Dismantie


Frame 2662: 591

ze ese dh 22

Red Sprinter |

ese 1700 ®1200

(Fend/ettect)
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no

other monsters: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.

(Ai tiow t2 obtain

| es LO:
|

itis

& isoio
Can Dis me
@ +10

e@

tle

ty Dismantle

We Generate


Frame 2663: 581

yzis Gese i 22
Red Sprinter pees] = a»
ene ®1700 1200

(Fiend/etfect)
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no
other monsters: You can’ Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.

Oo
& jvoo
af = |
CanDismante 4 ]
@ +10

Gd
Generate 4-30

cd

Dismantle


Frame 2664: 581

yzis se i 22
Red Sprinter Pian] = a»
ene @1700 1200

(Fiend/etfect)
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no
other monsters: You can’ Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.

¢ How to Obtain

& ipo
Can Dismantie 1 =a ——


Frame 2665: 581

yzis se i 22
Red Sprinter 7 om
ene @1700 1200

(Fiend/etfect)
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no
other monsters: You can’ Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.


Frame 2666: 581

yzis se i 22
ene @1700 1200

(Fiend/etfect)
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no
other monsters: You can’ Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.


Frame 2667: 581

yzis se 22
Red Sprinter os = a»
ene @1700 1200

(Fiend/etfect)
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no
other monsters: You can’ Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.

How to Obtain

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2668: 581

yzis se i 22
Red Sprinter eee] = a»
ene ®1700 1200

1) ccc
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no
other monsters: You can’ Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.

How to Obtain

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2669: 581

y2is se i 22
Red Sprinter ane = a»
ene @1700 1200

(Fiend/etfect)
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned while you control no
other monsters: You can’ Special
Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
Tuner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red
Sprinter" once per turn.

|
& io/o
Ba |

Can Dismantle

A Dismantl

—— a)


Frame 2670: @1700 81200

(Fieng/étect!

When this card is Normal or Special

Summoned while you control no

plher monsters: You can Special
jummon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend
uner from your hand or GY,

You can only use this effect of "Red

Sprinter" once per turn.

>, =~

___ Ga + Ep)

&  Dismantec


Frame 2671: ser «2s | se

GR 22

Frame 2672: ser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2673: << |

e409 ®1300 #1000
(Spelleaster/effect}

Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spelicaster manster; draw 1 card,
Once per turn, |f this card is
largeted for an attack: You can
larget 1 Spellcaster monster in your:
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon |t, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK.

Ca)

not Dismantic

oo)


Frame 2674: 501

ze Gese  d22

Chocolate Magician Gir

a4 ao 1800 ©1000

[Spellcaster/Etteet)
Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spelicaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
largeted for an attack: You can
larget 1 Spelicaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK.

:

Cannot £

—ii,
|

-=

2/0/0
Can Dismantle a


Frame 2675: 581

(y2is se i 22
Chocolate Magician Gil BL CA)
a or? Cm)
{Spelicaster/Ettect)

Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack; You can
target 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes haif its current ATK.

es
& 2/010

Can Dismantie

1

& Cannot


Frame 2676: 581

(y2is se i 22
Chocolate Magician Gil Cn)
a =r? Cm)
[Spelicaster/Ettect)

Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack; You can
target 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes haif its current ATK.

a
& 2/010

Can Dismantie

mH

& Cannot


Frame 2677: 581

(y2is se i 22
Chocolate Magician Git r A)
Py Se Cm)
[Spelicaster/Ettect)

Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack; You can
target 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes haif its current ATK.

a
& 2/010

Can Dismantie

mH

= Cannot


Frame 2678: 581

(By ais ——— GR 22

Chocolate Magician Girl
Ra © ®1so0 $1000

{Spellcaster/etfect]
Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spelicaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack; You can
target 1 Spelicaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK

(Careiatea cae) Cards

be (me + )
& 20

Can Dismantle 0 zu )

Cannot Dismantie

aS


Frame 2679: se

eC

a4 2 ®1s00 $1000

{Spellcaster/etect)

Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster; draw 1 card,
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack: You can
target 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK.

|

— a:
ic

:

& 3/010

CanDismantle 0 a )

Cannot £

a


Frame 2680: 581

ce: eC

a4 9 ®1s00 $1000

(SpelicasterfEttet)
Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack; You can
target 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK.

|

CA)
|

Relat:

:

& 3/010

CanDismantle 0 ai )

Cannot Dismantic

¢

Fs


Frame 2681: 581

ee: eC Ed

a4 9 ®1600 $1000

(Spelicaster/Etteet]
Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack; You can
target 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK.

|

CA)
|

Relat:

=

& 3/010

CanDismantle 0 = )

Cannot Dismantic

¢

Fs


Frame 2682: 581

eC: eC

a4 2 ®1e00 #1000

{Spellcaster/ettect)

Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, if this card is
targeted for an attack; You can
target 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except "Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK.


Frame 2683: Chocolate Magician Girl 6

a. a @1e00 61000

[Spollcaster/EMect

Once per turn: You can discard 1
Spellcaster monster: draw 1 card,

ince per turn, if this card is

fargeled for an attack: You can

rget 1 Spellcaster monster in your
GY, except “Chocolate Magician
Girl"; Special Summon it, then
change the attack target to it, and if
you do, the attacking monster's ATK
becomes half its current ATK.

2/0/0
Can Dismanila 0 Pv
: Cannot Dismantie

‘Generate

& -30


Frame 2684: ser «zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2685: Ancien Gear Gufoal

a. 4 @s00 ®2000

IMachine/Efiery] =3
this card js Normal or Special |
Summoned: You can declare 1 card
(ype(Monsten Speliser Trap); this
turn, I your monster attacks, your
opponent cannot activate Spel/Trap
Cards or monster effects (whichever
Was declared) until the end of the
Oamage Step:

Once per turn: You can declare 1
"Gadget" mofister's card name;
unti| the End Phass, this card's
name hecames that aame.


Frame 2686: Ancient Gear Gadget a we]

o1 & @so0 ®2000

[Machine/etteet]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can declare 1 card
type (Monster. Spell, or Trap); this
turn, if your monster attacks, your
‘opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap
Cards of monster effects (whichever
was declared) until the end of the
Damage Step.

Once per turn: You can declare 1

"Gadget" monster's card name.
until the End Phase, this card's
name becames that name.

(Ai How to optain

lated Cards

Gills

& iiaio

Can Dismantle 1

mw -

@ xo

P Generate |) -30

4 Dismantie


Frame 2687: ser eis ss ae
a rar

@4 @ @so0 2000
|

{Machineféteet.
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can declare 1 card

type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); this Reitea cart)
turn, if your monster attacks, your 1

opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap ae RB +
Cards or monster effects (whichever are

was declared) until the end of the 2/00 =
Damage Step. Can Dismantle )

Once per turn: You can declare 1
"Gadget" monster's card name; AZ Dismantie ~—-@ +10
until the End Phase, this card's

name becomes that name.
al Generate «= -30


Frame 2688: ise eyzie «se G22
Ancient Gear Gadget — 2 = CA)

a4 @ ®so0 2000

(Machine/étieat)

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can declare 1 card
type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); this
turn, if your monster attacks, your \ 1

Cards or monster effects (whichever 5

was declared) until the end of the
Damage Step.

Once per turn: You can declare 1
"Gadget" monster's card name; Ay dismantle = @ +10
until the End Phase, this card's
name becomes that name.

‘Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 2689: 581

yzis se i 22

Ancient Gear Gadget 8]

a4 @ ®so00 ®2000

(Machine/ettect)
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can declare 1 card
type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); this
turn, if your monster attacks, your
opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap
Cards or monster effects (whichever
was declared) until the end of the
Damage Step.

Once per turn: You can declare 1
"Gadget" monster's card name;
until the End Phase, this card's
name becomes that name.

=n)

Relat

i

Can Dismantle

i

+10

‘Bl Generate «= -30

-®%  Dismantie


Frame 2690: 581

(y2is se i 22

Ancient Gear Gadget 2)

a4 @ ®so00 ®2000

(Machine/ettect)
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can declare 1 card
type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); this
turn, if your monster attacks, your
opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap
Cards or monster effects (whichever
was declared) until the end of the
Damage Step.

Once per turn: You can declare 1
"Gadget" monster's card name;
until the End Phase, this card's
name becomes that name.

=n)

Relat

4

Can Dismantle

;

@ +10

"Bl Generate «= -30

-®%  Dismantie


Frame 2691: 581

yzis se i 22

Ancient Gear Gadget 8

a4 @ @®so0 ®2000

(Machine/ettect)
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can declare 1 card
type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); this
turn, if your monster attacks, your
opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap
Cards or monster effects (whichever
was declared) until the end of the
Damage Step.

Once per turn: You can declare 1
"Gadget" monster's card name;
until the End Phase, this card's
name becomes that name.

=n)

Relat

4

Can Dismantle

i

+10

‘Bt Generate «= -30

-®%  Dismantie


Frame 2692: 581

yzis se 22

Ancient Gear Gadget mE

a4 @ ®so00 ®2000

(Machine/ettect)
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can declare 1 card
type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); this
turn, if your monster attacks, your
opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap
Cards or monster effects (whichever
was declared) until the end of the
Damage Step.

Once per turn: You can declare 1
"Gadget" monster's card name;
until the End Phase, this card's
name becomes that name.

=n)

Relat

4

Can Dismantle

i

@ +10

"Bl Generate «= -30

-®%  Dismantie


Frame 2693: Soc |

a4 6 @®so0 2000

(achine/Ettect)
IF this card is Nermal or Special
Summoned; You can declare 1 card
type (Monster. Spell, or Trap)i this
, if your monster attacks, your
pponent cannot activate Spell/Trap
rds or monster effects (whichever
was declared) until the end of the
Damage Step.
Once per turn: You can dectare 1
“Gadget” monster's card name;
until the End Phase, this card's
name becomes that name

& tro/0


Frame 2694: ser p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 2695: Superhainyy Sinmura| Wagan EE) F iz
1 & yisy Bie |
WachipesBttime|| —
When thi card Is Monnal ap Spedlai
Summoned. You Gan hans ibs
tattle posiEIon)

This card can allack while Wu faee+
up. Defense Posifion, If it does,
afifily iis DEF for damage
caleuiatian

Ieysu have ne Spai/RA ans in your!
GY; You can change this cep
Usienge Posillon card you cantsal
to Attack Posillony. and it ys ria
acd 1 "Superheavy Samura) Sous!
monsier from your Gack ro your


Frame 2696: |

ee @ 1200 ®1s00
(Machine/Effect
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned, You can change its
battle position,

This card can attack while in face—
up Defense Position, If it does,

apply its DEF for damage

calculation.

If you have no Spelis/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Defense Position card you contro}

to Attack Position, and if you do,

add 1 "Superheavy Semural Saul”
monster fram your Deck to your

(dew to onian

& Haro
Gonerate —@ -30


Frame 2697: 501

ze ese dh 22

Supetheavy SemuraiWagon HE)

ea @ @1200 @1800

(Machinc/Etect]
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can change ils
battle position,

This card can attack while in face—
up Defense Position. if it does,

apply its DEF for damage & isola

calculation go
If you have no Speils/Traps in your

GY: You can change this face-up

Detense Position card you control AS Dismantile = @ +10
to Attack Position, and if you do,

monster from your Deck to your Generate -30


Frame 2698: 581

(y2is se i 22
Supetheavy Samurai Wagon
a. @ ®1200 ©1800 CA)

(Wachine/ettect]
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can change its
battle position.

This card can attack while in face~
up Defense Position. if it does,
apply its DEF for damage
caiculation

if you have no Spells/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Detense Position card you control
to Attack Position, and if you do,
add | "Superheavy Samurai Soul"
monster fram your Deck ta your

y


Frame 2699: 581

(y2is se i 22

She han Sonal SE]

aa @ @1200 ©1800

(Wachine/ettect]
When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can change its
battle position.

This card can attack while in face~
up Defense Position. if it does,
apply its DEF for damage
caiculation

If you have no Spells/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Detense Position card you control
to Attack Position, and if you do,
add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Soul"
monster fram your Deck ta your

Ae Dismantie

@ +10


Frame 2700: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

<< 2

a4 @ @1200 ®1500

[Machine/Etfect) ——" |

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can change its
battle position.

This card can attack while in face-
up Defense Position. if it does,
apply its DEF for damage
calculation

If you have no Spells/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Defense Position card yau control
to Attack Position, and if you do,
add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Soul"
monster from your Deck ta your

1

1
& jroo

Can Dismantle

S  Dismantle

‘Bl Generate

aa:
ai cal
@® +10
& -30


Frame 2701: a) 591

(ey2is se i 22

a4 @ @1200 61500

[Machine/Effect] —— |

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can change its
battle position.

This card can attack while in face-
up Defense Position. if it does,
apply its DEF for damage
calculation

If you have no Spells/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Defense Position card yau control
to Attack Position, and if you do,
add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Soul"
monster fram your Deck ta your

CA)
1
=

1

& jroo

Can Dismantle

acd

gt
7

@ +10

Generate 4 -30

Dismantle


Frame 2702: a) st

ee: CT Ed

a4 @ @1200 61500

[Machine/ettect]

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can change its
battle position.

This card can attack while in face-
up Defense Position. if it does,
apply its DEF for damage
calculation

If you have no Spells/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Defense Position card yau control
to Attack Position, and if you do,
add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Soul"
monster from your Deck ta your

1

|

& jroo

Can Dismantle

acd

ar
7

a.
i

@ +10

Generate -30

Dismantle


Frame 2703: a) sot

(y2is se ih 22

a4 @ @1200 ®1500

[Machine/Effect] a

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can change its
battle position.

This card can attack while in face-
up Defense Position. if it does,
apply its DEF for damage
calculation

If you have no Spells/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Defense Position card yau control
to Attack Position, and if you do,
add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Soul"
monster from your Deck ta your

i

; |

1
& jroo

Can Dismantle

Ca)
:
=)

> Dismantie


Frame 2704: sian Semniogon |

a4 8 @1z00 ©1800
(Machins/eMacd

When this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can change |ts
battle position.

his card can attack while in face—

p Defense Position. |f it does,
apply its DEF for damage
calculation,
If you have no Spelis/Traps in your
GY: You can change this face-up
Defense Position card you control
to Attack Position, and if you do,
add 1 “Superheavy Samurai Soul’
monster fram your Deck to your

jroro
vente

CA)
Bo +t
Bo

Dismantie


Frame 2705: iyser  epzie «ae

GR 22

Frame 2706: yser  epzie «| ae

GR 22

Frame 2707: @4e @1700 ©e00

[Zomble/EHect]
During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY.

I this card is sent to the GY; You
can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except "Gozuk\"; Special
Summon 1 Zombie monster trom
your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Gozuki" once per turn.


Frame 2708: ®

ze dese Gh 22
a. @ 1700 ®e00
(ombioetect]

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except "Gozuki"; Special
Summon 1 Zombie monster from
your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Gozuki" once per turn.

& iso
CanDismantle 0 (EY -! )

Cannot Dismantie

F Generate


Frame 2709: a) 51

How to Obtain

(y2is se i 22
sa 6 Sree CR)
Wombiefettet] |

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY,

IF this card is sent to the GY; You
can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except “Gozuki"; Special
Summon 1 Zombie monster trom
your hand

You can only use each effect of
“Gozuk'" once per turn.

& jso1o

Can Dismantle

1
(= )

os Cannot Dik


Frame 2710: iysot  ayzie «ae | Gh 22

Gozuki 2] q )
aa 2 ®1700 800

send 1 Zombie monster from your s

Deck to the GY.

(Zombiefenect]
< IF this card is sent to the GY: You 1
can banieh Zam moniter Tron
%

During your Main Phase: You can
your GY, except “Gozuki"; Special joo =)

Summon 1 Zombie monster trom

your hand. ee
You can only use each effect of "
“Gozuk'" once per turn. as Cannot Di: le


Frame 2711: a) 51

(y2is se i 22

Gozuki TES

aa 8 ®1700 500

(ombiefettect!
During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY,

IF this card is sent to the GY; You
can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except “Gozuki"; Special
Summon 1 Zombie monster trom
your hand

You can only use each effect of
“Gozuk'" once per turn.

CA)
|
:
1
& jso1o

Can Dismantle

as Cannot Dis


Frame 2712: a) 501

(ey2is se ih 22
Pa ees Cm)
(Zombie/Ettect!_

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY.

IF this card is sent to the GY; You
can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except "Gozuki"; Special
Summon 1 Zombie monster from
your hand

You can only use each effect of
“Gozuk(" once per turn.

a
=4

as: Cannot Dik

1
& jso10

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2713: a) 501

(y2is se i 22
oa im e800 Cm)
(Zombie/Ettect!_—__

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY.

IF this card is sent to the GY; You
can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except “Gozuki"; Special
Summon 1 Zombie monster from
your hand

You can only use each effect of
“Gozuk(" once per turn.

a
=

1
& iso1o

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2714: a) 501

(By2is se i 22
a4 eo ®1700 6500
Wombierettet] aA How to obtain

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster from your
Deck to the GY.

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except “Gozuki"; Special
Summon 1 Zombie monster from
your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Gozuki" once per turn.

‘|
ite

& iso

Can Dismantle 0 ai
ES Cannot Dismantie
PF conwrate &


Frame 2715: a) 581

ee: eC

Gozuki _ =

aa ®1700 6500

Wombierettet!

During your Main Phase: You can

send 1 Zombie monster from your

Deck to the GY.

IF this card is sent to the GY: You

can banish 1 Zombie monster from
your GY, except “Gozuki"; Special jyo1o

Summon 1 Zombie monster from
your hand. CanDismantle 0

aM How to obtain

ie

You can only use each effect of
"Gozuki" once per turn. ed ‘Cannot Dismantie
‘Bt Generate «= -30


Frame 2716: con — -_
a4 93 @1700 6800
(ombierettet) How to Obtain

During your Main Phase: You can
send 1 Zombie monster rom your

Deck to the GY. a
qi this card is sent to the GY: You
n banish 1 Zombie monster from B+
your GY, except “Gozuki"; Special & froio
Summon 1 Zombie monster trom ———— ( 74
your hand pec ee
You can only use each effect of =
“Gozuki" once per turn. a ‘Cannot Dismantie

i Gunerate © -30


Frame 2717: ser epzte «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2718: — ia

4 8 1700 ©1200 es
[Cyberma/Ettect! jas = | (Avon to on
ONG pongurn: Figean wafone  ——

LP: during yaur|Main Phase this ;
tunnyey car Normal Summon 4 >

Cyberse monster, in addition to your —&
| Normal Summan/Set. (You can only = (Ho + y }
| gain Whis effect once per turn.) ==

aro
Wt this card is:banished: You can. = or)
Special Summen ? Level 4 or jedan bamaila (ES y
monster from your hand laa

You can only'use this ettect of { “dismantle ae +10
"Balancer Lord” once per turn ee
(? Generate «N30 |


Frame 2719: Balancer Lord

e418 1700 @1200

ICybersc/Effect]
Once per turn; You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
tum, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set. (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

if this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Balancer Lord” once per turn.

CA)

a
&

“P Generate = -30

+1

a iro

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 2720: sot

ze se G22

a4 8 @1700 @1200

(cyberee/éttect]
Once per turn: You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
lum, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Balancer Lord” once per turn.

& jvoi0

Can Dismantle

— = )

4S Dismantle = @ +10

iH Generate «=


Frame 2721: a) 581

(y2is se 22

@4 8 ®1700 1200

(cyberse/Ettect]
Once per turn; You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
turn, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Balancer Lord” once per turn.

a
& ivoio
Can Dismantle =t }

Generate @ -30

‘J

D


Frame 2722: a) 591

(By2is se i 22

@4 8 ®1700 1200

[cyberse/Ettect]
Once per turn: You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
turn, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Balancer Lord” once per turn.

a
& ivoio
Can Dismantle “+ }

Generate = -30

‘J

iD


Frame 2723: iyso  ayzie «ae G22

@4 8 ®1700 1200

(cyberse/Ettect]
Once per turn: You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
turn, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 of lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
"Balancer Lord” once per turn.

a
& ivoio
Can Dismantle =t )

Generate

‘J

-30

|


Frame 2724: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

@4 8 ®1700 1200

(cyberse/Ettect]
Once per turn: You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
turn, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

if this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 of lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Balancer Lord” once per turn.

How to Obtain

a a
| (Atereonni)
@& + )

@® +10
"B Generate = -30

1
& ivoio
Can Dismantle

-&  Dismantle


Frame 2725: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

@4 8 ®1700 1200

[cyberse/Etfect]
Once per turn: You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
turn, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

if this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Balancer Lord” once per turn.

How to Obtain

a a
| (Aterieonni)
Cz)

@® +10

"B Generate = $# -30

1
& ivoio
Can Dismantle

-& — Dismantle


Frame 2726: iyso1 eyzie «ae | G22

a4 8 ®1700 61200

[cyberserEtecth
Once per turn; You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
turn, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand.

You can only use this effect of
“Balancer Lord” once per turn.

1

& jso1o

Can Dismantle

4% Dismantie

"Generate =

aM How to obtain

ir

a

‘

@ +10


Frame 2727: iyso  ayzie «ae | Gh 22

a4 8 ®1700 61200

[cyberse/Etfect] ae
Once per turn: You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
turn, you can Normal Summon 1
Cyberse monster, in addition to your
Normal Summon/Set. (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand

You can only use this effect of
“Balancer Lord” once per turn.

1

& jso1o

Can Dismantle

4% Dismantie

"Generate «=

aM How to obtain

ir

a

‘

@ +10


Frame 2728: |

ee ®1700 61200

[Cyberse/ENect! Sz
Once per turn: You can pay 1000
LP; during your Main Phase this
mm, you can Normal Summon 1
'yberse monster, in addition to your
formal Summon/Set, (You can only
gain this effect once per turn.)
If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
monster from your hand,
You can only use this effect of
"Balancer Lord” once per turn.

Balances Lord

Le

& jvoio
Can Dismantle 1

@ v0


Frame 2729: yser  epzte «ae

GR 22

Frame 2730: ROM Clouslia
e 8

(Cybarge/Ettect!
When this card is; Normal
Summoned. You can target 1
Cyberse monster inyour GY, except
“ROM Cloudla®; add it to your

hand: t
W this card is destroyed by Battle org ro
card etfeet: You can Special 4. ieasai 2 )
Summon 7 Level 4 or lower Cybersaiw Th la 4
monster from your Deck, except pi)
"ROM Claudia” Ay dismantle Bro |

fen Generate = J

Frame 2731: e. 8 @aso0 ©o
[cyberse/Effectl____

When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1
Cyberse monster in-your GY, except
“ROM Cloudia"; add it to your

hand

It this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
“ROM Claudia".

lis

(A How to obtain

&

+1

& tiara

Can Bismantie 1

& ® vio

Generate

Dismantie

30


Frame 2732: ser zie se a2
ROM Cloudia Dz: , —_

e182 @1e00 $0

{cyberseretectl___ NNN

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can larget 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except
“ROM Cloudia"; add it to your 1
hand. =

If this card is destroyed by battle or gy jroo

card effect: You can Special

u

Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse €an Dismantle
monster from your Deck, except
"ROM Cloudia”, Az Dismantle +10

Mal Generate «= -30


Frame 2733: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

ROM Cloudia

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except
“ROM Cloudia"; add it to your
hand.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
"ROM Cloudia”

& jvo1o

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2734: a) 501

(y2is se ih 22

ROM Cloudia

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except
“ROM Cloudia"; add it to your
hand.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
"ROM Cloudia”

& iso1o

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2735: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

ROM Cloudia

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except
“ROM Cloudia"; add it to your
hand.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
"ROM Cloudia”

& jso1o

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2736: iyso  eyzie «ae Gh 22
jou Gude) = an
a4 8 ®1e00 60
{yborsefettectl NNN
When this card is Normal

Ca reiat

1
EK

Summoned: You can target 1

Cyberse monster in your GY, except

"ROM Cloudia"; add it to your

hand.

If this card is destroyed by battle or ge jso1o
card effect: You can Special

Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse CanDismantie 1
monster from your Deck, except

"ROM Cloudia" “B Dismantle +10

"a Generate ~=— @ -30


Frame 2737: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

a. 8 ®1en0 60
{cyberse/ettecth

When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except
"ROM Cloudia"; add it to your
hand.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
"ROM Cloudia”

C=


Frame 2738: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

a. 8 ®1an0 60
{cyberse/Ettecth

When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except
"ROM Cloudia"; add it to your
hand.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
"ROM Cloudia”

=


Frame 2739: a) 581

(y2is se 22

ROM Cloudia

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except
“ROM Cloudia"; add it to your
hand.

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
"ROM Cloudia”

CanDismantie 1


Frame 2740: ROM Cloudia a |
e128 @1e00 $0
(cypersevetect]

When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1
Cyberse monster in your GY, except

{ROM Cloudia"; add it to your
<i

If this card is destroyed by battle or
card effect; You can Special
Summon 1 Leve| 4 or lower Cyberse
monster from your Deck, except
“ROM Claudia"

j/o/0

1 (EY

&

Can Dismantle
45 Dismantic «=
"Generate

410

(=


Frame 2741: @yser zie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2742: asc Wenn Sgn

@4 2 @1200 ©1700

IFlemietfect! —"
During ellher player's tum, you can
activale "Magica! Musket"
Speil/Trap Cards from your hand.
ia Spell/Trap Card is activated ip
(his caro © column (except duting
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower,
“Magical Musket monster trom
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magital Musketeer Starfire!”
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Startire! once
per tin,

& Faro
EQ

Ean Dismarie —1 |
Fs

3} Dismantle

(? Generaté G30

ro)


Frame 2743: Mngcl WustscerStarte I)

a4 1300 ©1700
IFiend/ettect|

During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket"
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.

Il a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except “Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
“Magical Musketeer Starfire’ once
per turn

4 Dismantie

"Generate


Frame 2744: sot

ze dese G22

Magical Masta: Sire

aay 1300 ©1700

[Fiend/eftect] aa

During either player's turn, you can

activate "Magical Musket" a

Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. peril rit
Ifa Speli/Trap Card is activated in 1

this card's colon (ereaet durig (e+)

the Damage Step): You can Special gy {/0/0

Summon 1 Level 4 or lower go
"Magical Musket" monster from Gan iDismeribie 1

your Deck in Defense Position,

except "Magical Musketeer Starfire". (Sr Dismantle @ +10
You can only use this effect of

"Magical Musketeer Starfire" once 1H Generate @ -30

per turn.


Frame 2745: a) 501

ee: CT Ed

Magical Musketeer Starfire)

aay ®1300 61700
(Fiend/etect)

During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket*
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand,

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" once
per turn.

& ivoio

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantle =P +10

Generate |


Frame 2746: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

Magical Musketeer Starfire 2]

aay ©1300 61700
(Fiend/etect]

During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket*
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" once
per turn.

& ivoio

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantle =P +10

"Bl Generate §=—  -30


Frame 2747: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

Magical Musketeer Starfire : 3]

aay ®1300 61700
(Fiend/ettect)

During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket*
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand,

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" once
per turn.

& ivoio

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantle = @P +10

‘Bl Generate §=—  -30


Frame 2748: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

Magical Muskateer Starfire me

aay ©1300 61700
(Fiend/etect]

During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket*
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand,

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" once
per turn.

& ivoio

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantle =P +10

‘B! Generate «= -30


Frame 2749: a) 501

(y2is se i 22

Magical Muskateer Starfire me

aay ®1300 61700
(Fiend/etect)

During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket*
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand,

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" once
per turn.

& ivoio

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantle = +10

"Generate §=— @ -30


Frame 2750: a) 581

(By2is se i 22

Magical Musketeer Starfire __ 8

4 ¥ 1300 $1700

(Fiend/Etfect]_ ae |

During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket*
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" ance
per turn.

|

& jso10

Can Dismantle

 Dismantle = +10

Ca)

=

ca

Generate

@ -30


Frame 2751: a) 581

ee: eC

Magical Musketeer Starfire ___ 8

4 ¥ 1300 $1700

[Fiend/éitect)____
During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket"
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" ance
per turn.

4 Dismantle §=—@ +10

"Bl Generate © -30


Frame 2752: a) 581

(y2is se i 22

Magical Musketeer Starfire a)

a4 ¥ 1300 1700

[Fiend/Eitect)____
During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket"
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket" monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" ance
per turn.

4 Dismantle = +10

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 2753: a) 581

(y2is se i 22

Magical Musketeer Starfire a)

aa ¥ ®1300 61700

(Fiend/ettect)
During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket"
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.

If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
this card's column (except during
the Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket™ monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire" once
per turn.


Frame 2754: Assia! Wosteten Stace

eae @1sn0 1700

(Fleng/ettect)
During either player's turn, you can
activate "Magical Musket"
Spell/Trap Cards from your hand.

a Spell/Trap Card is activated in
card's column (except during
e Damage Step): You can Special
Summon 1 Level 4 or lower
"Magical Musket* monster from
your Deck in Defense Position,
except "Magical Musketeer Starfire".
You can only use this effect of
"Magical Musketeer Starfire” once
per turn.

= +

4 Dismantie


Frame 2755: @yser zie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2756: jser  epzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2757: @1200 ©1100

ISpelleastevietect]
This card's name becomes “Lord of
D." while on the field.

When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can discard 1
Spell/Trap; add 1 “The Flute of
Summoning Dragon”, "The Melody

‘of Awakening Dragon", or “Dragon
Revival Rhapsody” from your Deck

to your hand.

(Alrow to oon

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 2758: ®

ze se dh 22

e419 @1z00 1100
{Spellcaster/Effect) ee |
This card's name becomes "Lord of
D." while on the field.

When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can discard 1 a
Spell/Trap; add 1 "The Flute of &
o

=| A)

jelated Cards
+t

Summoning Dragon”, "The Melody gy AID
of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon

Revival Rhapsody” from your Deck Can Dismantle:

to your hand.

EO -1


Frame 2759: a) 501

(By ais ——- GR 22
The King of D.
a4 9 ——_ ®1100

Spelicaster/Enecth
This card's name becomes "Lord of
D." while on the field.

When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can discard 1
Spell/Trap; add 1 "The Flute of
Summoning Dragon", "The Melody

of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon
Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck

to your hand.

& jm

Ca —

he Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2760: a) 501

(By2is se i 22

The King of D. ee)

a4 9 1200 61100

(Spelicaster/Etfect]
This card's name becomes “Lord of
D." while on the field.

When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can discard 1
Spell/Trap; add 1 “The Flute of
Summoning Dragon", “The Melody

of Awakening Dragon", or “Dragon
Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck

to your hand.

=)
ae Cannot Dismantie

Ch)
[Eanmetcons]
=)

1
& jvoio

CanDismantie 0


Frame 2761: a) 501

(By2is se a2

‘The King of D. a)

a4 9 ®1z00 1100

(Spelicaster/etfect]
This card's name becomes "Lord of
D." while on the field.

When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can discard 1
Spell/Trap; add 1 “The Flute of
Summoning Dragon", "The Melody

of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon
Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck

to your hand.

1

x=”
& ivoio
= Ce

Ss Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2762: a) 581

(By ais ——-- GR 22
The King of D.
aan ae yy ®21i00

(Spelicaster/Etfect! ————e

This card's name becomes "Lord of
D." while on the field.

When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can discard 1
Spell/Trap; add 1 "The Flute of
Summoning Dragon", "The Melody
of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon
Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck
to your hand

(Caroatea cue) Cards

=

& - x=”

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2763: iysot eyzie «ae | Gh 22

The King of D. 8}

a4 9 @1200 1100

[Spelicaster/etfect]
This card's name becomes "Lord of
D." while on the field.

When this card is Normal

Summoned: You can discard 1
Spell/Trap; add 1 "The Flute of
Summoning Dragon", "The Melody

of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon
Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck

to your hand

|
1
(7)

& jroo

CanDismantie 0

Fes Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2764: The King of D |

a4 08 @1z00 61100

(Spollcaster/emect]
This card's name becomes “Lord of
D." while on the field.
hen this carl is Normal
summoned: You can discard 1
pell/Trap; add 1 "The Flute of
Summoning Dragon", "The Melody
of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon
Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck
to your hand

Related Cards

Bo +i

jvo/o
Condiments 0 (ES tL

‘Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2765: yser zie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2766: Avia, Wicd Wapla Cn

@4 e700 ©o
(Flamattecth oe } (Hise to cnimn |
Yau can discarc! this card, adel 14° i
‘Lair of Darkness" (ram your Deck a7
Sn i [ Srvonere)
You car) Tribule 1 DARK monster; (EPP
| draw. 1 card, or, iF you Triouted. a J {

DARK monster other than this card gp 1 ——
to activate this effect) you can add 5 )

1 DARK monster with 2000 ormoren Lan Diamante 1 te “4
DEF from your Deck to yourhand, | 9

instead (= Dismantle  Gpvio — |

You San only usecthis effect oF

“Anrima, the Wicked Warden” once % . —
per turn er oer


Frame 2767: Aivims, the Weed Vavdsn |)

eae 61700 0

(Flend/eftectl
You can discard this card; add 1
“Lair of Darkness" from your Deck
to your hand.

You can Tribute 1 DARK monster;
draw 1 card, or, if you Tributed a

DARK monster other than this card
to activate this effect, you can add
1 DARK monster with 2000 or more
DEF from your Deck to your hand,
instead.

You can only use this effect of

“Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once
per turn

Ca)

2 ioio

Can Dismantle 1

&

Dismantic

e

Generate

-30

x
3] |


Frame 2768: Qs ¥ 1700 ©0
{Fiend/Eftect] = |

You can discard this card; add 1
“Lair of Darkness" from your Deck
to your hand.

You can Tribute 1 DARK monster;
draw 1 card, or, if you Tributed a
DARK monster other than this card
to activate this effect, you can add
1 DARK monster with 2000 or more
DEF from your Deck to your hand,
instead.

You can only use this effect of
"Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once
per turn.

A$ Dismantle = @ +10

Generate «=


Frame 2769: (By2is se i 22
Abvima, the Wicked Warden) = cipal
aa ®1700 60

(Fieng/ettect]
You can discard this card; add 1
“Lair of Darkness" from your Deck
to your hand.

You can Tribute 1 DARK monster;
draw 1 card, of, if you Tributed a
DARK monster other than this card
to activate this effect, you can add
1 DARK monster with 2000 or more
DEF from your Deck to your hand,
instead

You can only use this effect of
“Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once
per turn.

(a How 0 ovtan
1
& ivoro
Can Dismantle 4 )

“BF Dismantie §=—-@P +10

‘Generale §=—-@-30


Frame 2770: (y2is se i 22
Abvima, the Wicked Warden = sca = Lite
aa ®1700 #0

(Fiend/éftect)
You can discard this card; add 1
“Lair of Darkness" from your Deck
to your hand.

You can Tribute 1 DARK monster;
draw 1 card, of, if you Tributed a
DARK monster other than this card
to activate this effect, you can add
1 DARK monster with 2000 or more
DEF from your Deck to your hand,
instead

You can only use this effect of
“Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once
per turn.

‘A How to obtain
1
& ivoso
Can Dismantle a )

“BF Dismantie §=—-@P +10

‘Generale §=—-@ -30


Frame 2771: (By2is se i 22
war a
aa ®1700 60

(Fiona/Etect)
You can discard this card; add 1
“Lair of Darkness" from your Deck
to your hand.

You can Tribute 1 DARK monster;
draw 1 card, of, if you Tributed a
DARK monster other than this card
to activate this effect, you can add
1 DARK monster with 2000 or more
DEF from your Deck to your hand,
instead

You can only use this effect of
“Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once
per turn.

‘Al tiow to obtain
1
& ivoso
Can Dismantle ms )

Generale «= -30


Frame 2772: (By2is se i 22

Aina, the Wicked Warden) = C )
aa ®1700 @o0

(Fiend/ettect) A How to Obtain

You can discard this card; add 1
“Lair of Darkness" from your Deck
to your hand.

You can Tribute 1 DARK monster;
draw 1 card, of, if you Tributed a
DARK monster other than this card
to activate this effect, you can add
1 DARK monster with 2000 or more
DEF from your Deck to your hand,
instead

You can only use this effect of
“Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once
per turn.


Frame 2773: Alwima, the Wicked Waden Ze 5)
aa © @®1700 So
You can discard this card; add 1
“Lair of Darkness" from your Deck
to your hand, fees
q: can Tribute 1 DARK monster;

jraw 1 card, of, |f you Tributed a

DARK monster other than this card ge iio

to activate this effect, you can add (i =

1 DARK monster with 2000 or more SanDismantle 1 (TS
DEF from your Deck to your hand, ie

Instead &  Diemantie GP ¥10

You can only use this effect of

“Ahrima, the Wicked War

per tun.


Frame 2774: jser zie «= se

GR 22

Frame 2775: Keeper af Dragan Magis

ee 1300 ©1300
{Gragon/Bitect) — a

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned, You can discard 1

candyadd 4 Polymerization

Normal Spell or “Fusion Normal

Spell from your Deckite your hand

]
i & €2n reveal 1 Fusion Monster ing a

your Extra Decx Special Summen 1 . z= =)
SAS eRe ryefilanes eon Dimes ab fe 4
on that monster from yeur GY in =
facedown Défense Position,

Yeu ean only Use each etfect of
"Keeper of Dragan Magic" ance pen
turn. You cannot Special Summon


Frame 2776: —ci |

eo. 1300 ©1500
Wragowetet]
It this card is Normal or Special
Summoned, You can discard 1

card; add 1 "Polymerization"

Normal Spell or "Fusion" Normal
Spell from your Deck to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in
your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1
‘of the Fusion Materials mentioned
on that monster from your GY, in
facedown Defense Position,

You can only use each effect of
“Keeper of Dragon Magic" once per
turn. Yau cannot Special Summon.

(iow to obtain
Pe i/aro
Cantismanie 0 (EY )


Frame 2777: sot

ze dese G22

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can discard 1

card: add 1 "Polymerization® ; kc?
Norma! Spell or "Fusion" Normal

Spell from your Deck to your hand. =

You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster ing jvo/o

your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1

——  o mer 5
ea 0 @1e00 ©1300 a
=F

[ete]
(m4

of the Fusion Materials mentioned Can Dismantle _Q |"
‘on that monster from your GY, in
face—down Defense Position. s Cannot Disman

You can only use each effect of

turn. You cannot Special Summan “ e


Frame 2778: a) 501

(yzie | ae ——- 22
Keeper of Dragon Magic
4 6 @1e00 81300

(DragonEttect]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can discard 1
cardi add 1 "Polymerization"

Normal Spell or “Fusion” Normal
Spell from your Deck to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in
your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1
of the Fusion Materials mentioned
on that monster from your GY, in
face-down Defense Position.

You can only use each effect of
"Keeper af Dragon Magic" once per
turn. You cannot Special Summon

(Caroited cus) Cards

v=

& ino
CanDismantis 0 a —

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2779: a) 501

Ce SS ——- 22
Keeper of Dragon Magic
ao ®1e00 $1300

(DragonEttect]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can discard 1
cardi add 1 "Polymerization"

Normal Spell or “Fusion” Normal
Spell from your Deck to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in
your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1
of the Fusion Materials mentioned
on that monster from your GY, in
face-down Defense Position.

You can only use each effect of
"Keeper af Dragon Magic" once per
turn. You cannot Special Summon

(Careiated cue) Cards

ie

& jn
GEE —

Can Dismantie

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2780: a) 501

(y2ie | ae —— 22

Keeper of Dragon Magic

es & ®1e00 613500
{Dragon/Etfect! ND

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can discard 1
cardi add 1 "Polymerization"

Normal Spell or “Fusion” Normal
Spell from your Deck to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in
your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1
of the Fusion Materials mentioned
on that monster from your GY, in
face-down Defense Position.

You can only use each effect of
"Keeper af Dragon Magic" once per
turn. You cannot Special Summon

(Caroiated cae) Cards

v=

& jn
mi i

Can Dismantie

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2781: a) 501

(y2ie | ae —— 22
Keeper of Dragon Magic
ao @1e00 $1300

(DragonEttect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can discard 1
cardi add 1 "Polymerization"

Normal Spell or “Fusion” Normal
Spell from your Deck to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in
your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1
of the Fusion Materials mentioned
on that monster from your GY, in
face-down Defense Position.

You can only use each effect of
"Keeper af Dragon Magic" once per
turn. You cannot Special Summon

(Caroited cue) Cards

v=

& ino

a

Can Dismantie

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2782: a) 501

(yzie | ae —— 22
Keeper of Dragon Magic
4 6 @1e00 $1300

(Dragon/Ettect]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can discard 1
cardi add 1 "Polymerization"

Normal Spell or “Fusion” Normal
Spell from your Deck to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in
your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1
of the Fusion Materials mentioned
on that monster from your GY, in
face-down Defense Position.

You can only use each effect of
"Keeper af Dragon Magic" once per
turn. You cannot Special Summon

(Careiated cuss) Cards

v=

& jo

a

Can Dismantie

Cannot Dismanti


Frame 2783: Keeper of Dragon Magic: -  &

a4 © @1e00 61300
(Dragowettet]

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can discard 1

rd; add 1 "Polymerization®

jormal Spell or “Fusion* Normal
<. from your Deck to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in
your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1
of the Fusion Materials mentioned
on that monster from your GY, in
facedown Defense Position
You can only use each effect of
"Keeper af Dragon Magic" once per
turn. You cannot Special Summon

& ivo10
Can Dismantle o

a:
— {Ai tiow to obtain


Frame 2784: yser zie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2785: ser pzte | ae

GR 22

Frame 2786: Photon Orbital Le

a1 & 500 ©2000
IMachine/Effect|_____

During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster [rom your hand or field to
that target, It gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; ade 7 "Photon" oF "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Phaton Orhital".

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital" once per turn.

(Ca)

Cannot Dismantis


Frame 2787: sot

ze dese G22

Pemnows
e414 «@ @son ®2000
| Uhachine/Ettect)

During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster from your hand or field to
that target, |t gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 “Photon” or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Photon Orhital"

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital” once per turn.

— ( fs)
1
cs |
& 10/0 ey ne

Can Dismantie 0

* Cannot Dismant


Frame 2788: a) 501

(y2is se i 22
Photon Orbital a?
= een et CA)
[Machine/ettect]

During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 "Phaton" or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster from your hand or field to
that target. It gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 “Photon” or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Photon Orbital"

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital" ance per turn.

& join

Con Dismantle 0


Frame 2789: a) 501

(y2is se i 22
Photan Orbital | a?
aa @ sno @2a00 Cm)
(Machin/ettect]

During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 "Phaton" or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster from your hand or field to
that target. |t gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 “Photon” or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Photon Orbital"

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital" ance per turn.

:
& join
=

Cannot £

jemantio


Frame 2790: a) 501

(y2is se i 22
Photon Qrbital ———
a. @ ®s00 $2000 CA)
(Machins/ettect

During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 "Phaton" or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster from your hand or field to
that target. |t gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 “Photon” or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Photon Orbital"

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital" ance per turn.

Related Cards

1
|
& join
a
Bs Cannot Dismantio


Frame 2791: a) 581

(By2is se i 22

Photan Orbital és

a4 @ ®so00 #2000

(achine/efect]
During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 “Photon” or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster from your hand or field to
that target. It gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except "Photon Orbital"

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital" ance per turn.

aa)
=


Frame 2792: a) 581

(y2is se i 22

Photan Orbital 8

a4 @ ®so00 #2000

(achine/ettect]
During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster from your hand of field to
that target. |t gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except “Photon Orbital”

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital" ance per turn.

Ca)
|


Frame 2793: a) 581

(By2is se i 22

Photan Orbital ____

a4 @ ®so00 #2000

(achine/ettect]
During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster you control; equip this
monster from your hand of field to
that target. |t gains 500 ATK, also it
cannot be destroyed by battle.

You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck to your
hand, except “Photon Orbital”

You can only use this effect of
"Photon Orbital" ance per turn.

e-


Frame 2794: Photon Orbital * a _@&
eae @sco $2000
(Machine/etteet

During your Main Phase: You can
target 1 “Photon” or "Galaxy"
jonster you control; equip this
gronster from your hand or field to
at target. |t gains 500 ATK, also it
‘cannot be destroyed by battle.
You can send this Equip Card to the
GY; add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
monster from your Deck te your
hand, except "Photon Orbital”
You can only use this effect of
“Photon Orbital" ance per turn.

e- =
(a ‘{Abtiow to obtain

CanDismentle 0

ot D


Frame 2795: @yser  pzie | ae

GR 22

Frame 2796: yser epzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2797: — |

@a6 @1a00 ©200

(Zomblis/Eftect} =
“Zombie Worlc” in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player car
target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect): You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 “Zombie World" directly ftom your
hand or Deck

You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee’ once per
turn

a - i)
(=)
é Cannot Didi

a toro

Can Bismantie Oo

Vv


Frame 2798: 501

ze se dh 22

oe

a4 2 @1e00 200

[ombie/Enect]
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card

effects, also neither player can

target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect): You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate

1 “Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of

"Necroworld Banshee” once per
turn,

CA)


Frame 2799: iysot  ayzie «ae | G22
aa & ®1s00 #200
(Zombie/Eteet|
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone

cannot be destroyed by card Giue)

effects, also neither player carr wasiodt
< target it with card effects. 1

(Quick Effect): You can banish this

BQ 71

card from your field or GY; activate ge iyoso (fe - )

1 “Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck. CanDismantle 0

You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee” once per a Cannot Dismantie
turn

Mis Generate 0


Frame 2800: a) 581

(y2is se i 22

veiwntttaniee ST

aa & ®1s00 #200
tzombie/etfect] a |
"Zombie World” in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player car
target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect): You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 “Zombie World’ directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee" once per
turn

Bs Cannot Dismanile

= =)


Frame 2801: a) 581

(y2is ae i 22

vient taniee ST

ea ®1s00 #200

tzombieretfedt] EE
"Zombie World” in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player carr
target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect): You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 “Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee" once per
turn

i & ino
a

~ Cannot Dismanile

=e)


Frame 2802: a) 581

(y2is se ih 22

Necrowarld Banshee eee

a4 @ ©1600 $200

(Zombie/Etfect! Sa
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player can
target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect): You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 “Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of
"Necraworld Banshee” once per
turn

& jn C=”.
Can Dismantie 0

Cannot £

(a


Frame 2803: a) 581

(y2is ae 22

Necrawarld Banshee ee]

ga 8 ®1e00 $200

(Zombie/etfect] |
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player can
target it with card effects

(Quick Effect): You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 "Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee" once per
turn.

& jsoro

CanDismantie 0

oe Cannot Dism


Frame 2804: a) 581

(y2is ae i 22

Nectawarld Banshee a

ga 8 ®is00 $200

(Zombie/etfect] ————- |
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player can
target it with card effects

(Quick Effect); You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 "Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee" once per
turn,

& jsoro

CanDismantie 0

oe Cannot Dism


Frame 2805: a) 581

(y2is se 22

ga 8 ®is00 $200

(Zombie/etfect] ls | (averse ona)
“Zombie World" in the Field Zone

cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player can
target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect); You can banish this

card from your field or GY; activate

& _isoo
1 "Zombie World" directly from your 2 ine )
hand or Deck. CanDismantie 0

You can only use this effect of x
"Necroworld Banshee" once per ~ i Cannot Dismantie

turn.

—c ee la


Frame 2806: a) 581

(y2is se i 22

ga 2 @1e00 6200
(zombie/Etieat!
“Zombie World" in the Field Zone

cannot be destroyed by card

effects, also neither player can

target it with card effects

(Quick Effect); You can banish this

card from your field or GY; activate ge jvavo |, C=”
1 "Zombie World" directly from your

hand or Deck. ea iemanta = s0

You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee" once per
turn

(Cretata cae) Cards

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2807: a) 581

(y2is se a2

Nectawarld Banshee ae

ga 8 ®1s00 $200

(Zombie/Etfect! ae
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card
effects, also neither player can
target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect); You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 "Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of
"Necraworld Banshee" once per
turn,

& jn
CanDismantie 0 )

Cannot Dism


Frame 2808: a) 581

(By2is se i 22

Nectawarld Banshee 8

ga 8 ®1s00 $200

(Zombie/Etfect! —— |
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone
cannot be destroyed by card

effects, also neither player can

target it with card effects.

(Quick Effect); You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate

1 "Zombie World" directly from your
hand or Deck.

You can only use this effect of

"Necroworld Banshee" once per cd Cannot Dismantie

turn.

"Hl Generate

® -30


Frame 2809: a4 3
(Zombieeftect!

"Zomble World” in the Field Zone
cannol be destroyed by card
gifects, also neither player can

rget it with card effects.
Quick Effect); You can banish this
card from your field or GY; activate
1 "Zombie World” directly from your
hand or Deck.
You can only use this effect of
"Necroworld Banshee” once per oe Cannot Dismantie

turn 7 a=


Frame 2810: ser epzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2811: ST |

1 8 1900 @1ac0
(Falniifect —
W (his card jn your possession |s ¢
destroyed by an Oppopent's card
aod sey) tapymnin Ge S luli this
card into fle Deck.

| You can only!Use each of the
fallewina effects of "Madoiche”
Welinocessneur” onge 98! Win.

Bit you haveno monsters ih) Your

GY: You can Special Summon. this
card from your fant

7 @if this card js Sacié) Summoned

- Yau can Special Summon 1

‘Madibiche™ monster trom your hand


Frame 2812: Madolche Petingcessneur AE)

ce) @1a00 ©1400

(Fainyettecd_——__
If this card in your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card
and sent to your GY; Shuifle this
card into the Deck.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Madeiche
Petingcessoeur! once per turn.

@ it you have no mansters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this
card from your hand,

@\ this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summan 1
"Madolche" monster from your hand

Ch)

Ce

Sain t(@ )
Can Dismantie 1

(me = )


Frame 2813: “a

4 @ @1ann @1400

[Falry/Etfect] = —— |
If this card in-your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card
and sent to your GY: Shuffle this
card into the Deck.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Madolche
Petingcessoeur" once per turn.

@lf you have no monsters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this
card from your hand

@if this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Madolche" monster fram your hand

ron
os


Frame 2814: ®1anp ®1400

(Fary/Etfect]_—___
IF this card in your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card
and sent to your GY; Shuffle this
card into the Deck

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Madolche
Petingcessoeur" once per turn

@if you have no monsters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this
card from your hand

@if this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Madolche" monster from your hand


Frame 2815: tite gee

a4 8 ®1a00 ®1400

(Farry/Etect]_—____
IF this card in your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card
and sent to your GY; Shuffle this
card into the Deck

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Madolche
Petingcessoeur" once per turn.

@if you have no monsters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this
card from your hand

@lf this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
"Madolche" monster from your hand

CE®
A

Can Dismantle
rts

Generate BP -30

-B  Dismantle

C7


Frame 2816: a

a4 8 ®1a00 ®1400

(ray/ettectl
If this card in your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card
and sent to your GY; Shuffle this
card into the Deck.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Madoliche
Petingcessoeur” once per turn

‘if you have no monsters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this
card from your hand.

@if this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
“Madolche" monster from your hand

C=”
1

Can Dismantle
vis

Generate -30

“Br  Dismantie

ca


Frame 2817: a) 581

(By2is se i 22

Madolche Petingcessaeur 2]

a4 8 ®1400 1400

(Fatry/Efect]__—___
If this card in your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card
and sent to your GY; Shuffle this
card into the Deck.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Madolche
Petingcessoeur" once per turn.

@if you have no monsters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this
card from your hand.

@if this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1
“Mado|che" monster from your hand

1
& oviso
Can Dismantle +)

° 0

r]

Generate


Frame 2818: a) 581

(y2is se i 22

Madolche Petingcessoeur 3] = Cn
a4 8 ®1400 #1400
If this card in your possession is |
destroyed by an opponent's card
card into the Deck. 1
Petingcessoeur" once per turn
ji Can Dismantle
@if you have no monsters in your | = REE >

(Falry/etiect) (A tion oosuin)
and sent to your GY: Shuffle this
following effects of "Madolche & ovivo
a |
GY: You can Special Summon this

card from your hand My Dismantle == 415
@if this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1 "BH Generate = -30

“Madolche" monster from your hand


Frame 2819: iyso  eyzie «ae | Gh 22
Madolche Petingcessoour 8)

a4 8 ®1a00 @1400

(Fatry/ettect]!_
If this card in your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card

and sent to your GY; Shuffle this
card into the Deck.

You can only use each of the

following effects of "Madolche & ovis

Petingcessoeur" once per turn.
@if you have no monsters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this

card from your hand ty Dismantle = +15
@If this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summon 1 "BH Generate = -30

“Madolche" monster from your hand


Frame 2820: Madolche Petingcessoeur 7

a. 8 @.an0 B1a00
(Fairy/etect]

If this card in your possession is
destroyed by an opponent's card
and sent to your GY; Shuffle this
a into the Deck.

‘ou can only use each of the
following effects of “Madolche
Petingcessoeyr" once per turn,

@if you have no monsters in your
GY: You can Special Summon this
card from your hand

If this card is Special Summoned:
You can Special Summan 1
“Madolche" monster from your hand

Ey
ay Dismante = @
@ Generate


Frame 2821: set p2is «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2822: ser pzis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2823: |

eo. @1300 ©1300

[Psychic/Etfect] NNN
You can detach 1 material from an
Xyz Monster you control; Special
Summon this card from your brand,

It this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 "Time
Thiel” card from your Deck to your
hand, except "Time Thiet Winder’

Yau can only use each effect of
"Time Thief Winder" once per turn.

Ca)
i Mi ow to optain

Vv


Frame 2824: ser zie se ae
Time Thiet Winder) :

eo ® @1e800 61300

IPeychic/Etfect]_——_ | Ai tiow to obtain
You can detach 1 material fram an
Xyz Monster you control; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
Af this card is Normal or Special 2
“| Summoned: You can add 1 "Time Bo
Thief" card from your Deck to your 30/0
hand, except "Time Thiet Winder": gg -1
Can Diamante 2

You can only use each effect of
"Time Thief Winder" once per turn.

lis

Ci Related Cards

:

4S Dismantle = @ +10

Ml Generate


Frame 2825: yset  eyzie «ae | Gh 22
Time Thiet Winder F Cm)

aa ® ®1e00 $1300
You can detach 1 material from an

Xyz Monster you control; Special Gate)
Summon this card from your hand. Dama!

IF this card is Normal or Special 2

Summoned; You can add 1 "Time Bool

Thiet" card trom your Deck to your g S00
hand, except "Time Thief Winder". a % faa] 4

You can only use each effect of ea =

"Time Thief Winder" once per turn

“R Dismantle == @P +10


Frame 2826: a) 591

(y2is se 22
Time Thief Winder =
aa ® 7 ®1a00 #1300 | CA)

(Psychic/Effect)
You can detach 1 material from an
Xyz Monster you control; Special
Summon this card from your hand.

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1 "Time
Thiet" card from your Deck to your
hand, except "Time Thief Winder".
You can only use each effect of
"Time Thief Winder” once per turn

Related Cards

ae @ +10

Dismantie


Frame 2827: a) 591

(y2ts se 22
Time Thiet Winder =
aa ® ®1e00 1300 C A)

ccc
You can detach 1 material from an
Xyz Monster you control; Special
Summon this card from your hand.

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1 "Time
Thiet" card from your Deck to your
hand, except "Time Thief Winder".
You can only use each effect of
"Time Thief Winder” once per turn

Related Cards

“ Dismantie = @P +10


Frame 2828: iysot  eyzie «ae | Gh 22
Tine Thetwnder or

a4 ® ®1e00 $1300

(Peychiciettect] NN

You can detach 1 material from an
Xyz Monster you control; Special
Suminon this card from your hand,
< IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 “Time
Thief" card from your Deck to your
hand, except "Time Thiet Winder".
You can only use each effect of
"Time Thief Winder" once per turn

-% Dismantle = +10


Frame 2829: a) 591

(By2ts se G22
‘Time Thief Winder 7 8 i. — ( a )
a4 % ®1e00 61300
(peyehie/Etee
You can detach 1 material from an
Xyz Monster you control; Special (Garctce we
Summon this card from your hand. SEMIS Em
IF this card is Normal or Special 2
Summoned: You canada "time
Thief" card from your Deck to your g& 3/010
hand, except "Time Thief Winder". =

You can only use each effect of
"Time Thief Winder” once per turn

CanDismantle 2

% Dismantle = +10

“BI Generate «= @ -30


Frame 2830: a) 591

(Ry2is se 22
Time Thief Winder ms , CA)
a4 ® 1200 $1300

(Paychic/Effect] =
You can detach 1 material from an
Xyz Monster you control; Special
Summon this card from your hand.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 "Time
Thief" card from your Deck to your
hand, except "Time Thief Winder",
You can only use each effect of
"Time Thief Winder" once per turn

|
=f
@® +10
@ -30

2
& 2/010
Can Dismantia 2

&
al

Dismantle

Generate


Frame 2831: Time Thief Winder S|

Cre ®1e00 61300
(PsychicEttect]

You can detach 1 material from an

Xyz Monster yau control; Special
Summon this card from your hand,

f this card is Normal or Special
jummoned: You can add 1 "Time

Thief card from your Deck to your

hand, except "Time Thief Winder”

You can only use each effect of

"Time Thief Winder" once per turn.

(dA How 1 obtain


Frame 2832: ser zis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2833: Meciusa, Watcher of the-Evil Eye a

m4 400 i600
(Flomadettocth = |

When this card [s Normal |=
Summoned. You can reel “Evi
z E Eye" card iyour GYpexc:

< “Medusa. Watcher of the ai Eye"
. add \tto your hand, i
Withis card is equipped witt™Evil rs a
Eye of Selene’ (Quick Effect). You 4 ]
can target Vmonster in your Bin paariie 2 FY
opponent's GY; banish it ‘ :

You can only'use this effect of {-S diomsntle Baio |
"Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Fye”

onee per turn. ia Cr
Once per turn, during the next |e


Frame 2834: Madina, Watcha ofthe Eve)

ese ®1a00 ©1800

(Flend/etfect!
When this card is Normal
Summened) You can target 1 “Evil
Eye" card im your GY, except
“Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye”:
add it to your hand.

It this card is equipped with "Evil
Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 monster in your
‘opponent's GY; banish it

You can only use this effect of
"Madusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"
‘ance per turn.

Once per turn, during the next

CA)
Gs

& 3/010

Can Dismantle 2

@® +10

4 Dismantie


Frame 2835: a) 501

ze dese i 22

Medusa, Watcher of the EvilEye fl)

Ra @1a00 1800

(end/etee) _—_—__T
When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1 "Evil
Eye" card in your GY, except
“Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye";
add it to your hand, ba a1
If this card is equipped with "Evil & 2/0/0
Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You a 1
caf targets ismonsiée nivel can bismaniie 2 (ES
opponent's GY: banish it.

Ai tiow to optain

jelatod Cards

_ a
ile

i

You can only use this effect of AS Dismantle §=—@ +10
"Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"
once per turn. "Bt Generate ® -30

Once per turn, during the next


Frame 2836: a) 501

(y2ts se 22

Medusa, Wain oft EE)

aay ®1a00 @1800

(Fiend/étfect] =
When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1 "Evil
Eye" card in your GY, except
"Medusa, Watcher af the Evil Eye";
add it to your hand.

If this card is equipped with “Evil
Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 monster in your
opponent's GY; banish it.

You can only use this effect of
"Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"
once per turn.

Once per turn, during the next

|
:

& 2/010

Can Dismantle 2 a )

“Ry Dismantle = +10

‘Bt Generate «= -30


Frame 2837: a) 591

(y2ts se a2

Medusa, Watcher of the Evil

aay ®.a00 1800

(Fiend/étfect] =
When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1 "Evil
Eye" card in your GY, except
"Medusa, Watcher af the Evil Eye";
add it to your hand.

If this card is equipped with “Evil
Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 monster in your
opponent's GY; banish it.

You can only use this effect of
"Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"
once per turn.

Once per turn, during the next


Frame 2838: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

Medusa, Watcher of the Evil

aay ®1a00 1800

(Fiend/étfect] SS
When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1 "Evil
Eye" card in your GY, except
"Medusa, Watcher af the Evil Eye";
add it to your hand.

If this card is equipped with “Evil
Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 monster in your
opponent's GY; banish it.

You can only use this effect of
"Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"
once per turn.

Once per turn, during the next


Frame 2839: a) 591

(y2ts se 22
Medusa, Watcher of the Evil = aD
aay ®1a00 1800

(Fiend/étfect] |
When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1 "Evil
Eye" card in your GY, except
"Medusa, Watcher af the Evil Eye";
add it to your hand.

If this card is equipped with “Evil
Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 monster in your
opponent's GY; banish it.

You can only use this effect of
"Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"
once per turn.

Once per turn, during the next

CA

|
2

ae @® +10

‘at Generate «= -30

Dismantle


Frame 2840: Meson, watches

aa @®1400 $1500

(Fiengéttect)
When this card is Normal
Summoned: You can target 1 "Evil
Eye" card in your GY, except
‘Mecusa. Watcher ol the Evil Eye";
dit to your hand.
IW this card is equipped with "Evil
Eye of Selene® (Quick Effect): You
can target 1 monster in your
opponent's GY; banish it
You can only use this effect of
"Medusa, Wateher of the Evil Eye"
once per turn.
Once per turn, during the next

(Ai tiow ta obtain

ated Cards

20/0
2

&

Can Dismantle

Boo

THe

4% Dismantio «= @® +10

(WH Generate = -30


Frame 2841: ser pzis «| se

GR 22

Frame 2842: Eu HERO Adusnd ald”

@. © @2100 @eo0

(Flermidittoct! in
You can discard this card, add 1
“Dark Fusion”, or t-eard that

mentions ity from your Deck lo your
hand, except “Evil HERO Adusted

Gold" =

Yeu can only use this effect oF "Evil gy Paro

HERO Adusted Gold once per qyrn. ee vo {

Cannot attack unless iyou control a oe
ne

Fusion Monster. + a,
dementia Bo)

(FP Gonerats a =30 )


Frame 2843: Evil HERO Adusted Gold =

a4 © 2100 a0

[Flond/ettect_
You can discard this card: add 1
“Dark Fusion", or 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except “Evil HERO Adusted
Gold".

You can only use this effect of "Evil gy toro

HERO Adusted Gold" once per tum.
Can Bismantie 1
Cannot attack unless you control a. = == S$ __—

Fusion Monster.
4 Dismantie «= +10

Generate #30


Frame 2844: a) 501

ze dss G22

Evil HERO Adusted Gold = |

ea @2100 ®e00

{Fieng/ettect]

You can discard this card; add 1
"Dark Fusion", or 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except "Evil HERO Adusted
Gold".

You can only use this effect of "Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn,
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

y=

(Al ow 0 onan How to Obtain

ange BO +t
Sino
Can Dismantle

oy

@ 10

Generate  @® -30

a

ty Dismantie

ca


Frame 2845: a) 591

(ey2ts se i 22
EvIIHERO Adusted Gold
a ¥ ®2100 ®800

(Fiend/éttect)
You can discard this card; add 1
"Dark Fusion", ot 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except “Evi! HERO Adusted
Gold".

You can only use this effect of "Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn.
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

CA)

1
Condismantle 1 (ES! »
@ 10

&
Generate = -30

C7

Dismantle


Frame 2846: a) 591

(ey2ts se i 22
EvIIHERO Adusted Gold
ga 2100 800

(Fiend/éttect)
You can discard this card; add 1
"Dark Fusion", or 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except “Evi! HERO Adusted
Gold".

You can only use this effect of “Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn.
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

{Ml How to obtain

ile

mB +t
& iio
CD

&
C7

@ 10

Generate -30

Dismantie


Frame 2847: a) 501

(By2ts se 22
ea ¥ 2100 6800

(Fiend/éttect)
You can discard this card; add 1
"Dark Fusion", ot 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except “Evi! HERO Adusted
Gold",

You can only use this effect of “Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn.
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

dM How to obtain

ile

lated Cares
Bo +

& iio

= Ca

&
C7

@ 10

Generale @ -30

Dismantie


Frame 2848: a) 501

(y2ts se 22
EvIIHERO Adusted Gold Cm)
Ba ¥ 2100 @e00

(Fiend/ettect)
You can discard this card; add 1
"Dark Fusion", ot 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except “Evi! HERO Adusted
Gold".

You can only use this effect of “Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn,
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

‘<4 —t

r]

| 1
& isso

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 2849: a) 501

(y2ts se i 22
EvIIHERO Adusted Gold) = ——
aay — @ainn 800 Cm)

IFiend/ettect)
You can discard this card; add 1
"Dark Fusion", ot 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except "Evi! HERO Adusted
Gold",

You can only use this effect of “Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn,
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

i
| 1

CanDismantle 1


Frame 2850: yso eyzie «ae | Gh 22

EIHERO Aasied old =a
ga ®2100 @800

You can discard this card; add 1

“Dark Fusion", or 1 card that

hand, except "Evil HERO Adusted
Gold".

You can only use this effect of "Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn.
Cannot attack unless you control a

=
Fusion Monster.
AS dismantle +10

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 2851: a) 591

(y2ts se G22

EvIIHERO Adusted Gold)

ga ®2100 @s00

[Fiend/Ettect)
You can discard this card; add 4
"Dark Fusion", or 1 card that
mentions it, from your Deck to your
hand, except "Evil HERO Adusted
Gold",

You can only use this effect of “Evil
HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn.
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

la
=)
Ne)


Frame 2852: Eviveno Aduietsaa

eae @2100 $00
[Fiengiettect]_

You can discard this card; add 1
“Dark Fusion", or 1 card that
mentions it. from your Deck to your
pand, except "Evil HERO Adusted
sold".

You can only use this effect of “Evil
HERD Adusted Gold" once per turn
Cannot attack unless you control a
Fusion Monster.

(itiow to obtain

is

Ll

+1

jroo
ae
1 (El +1

®

Generate = -30

&

Can Dismantle

{

#10

ca


Frame 2853: set zis «| ae

GR 22

Frame 2854: @ © 1300 ®100 |
[raga Etfoct]
When 2 Link Monster's effect [5 |
activated that targels this face—up
card on therfie'g (Quick Effech): You
can destroy this-card. thar foak at
yout opponent's Extra Deck and
banish | card trom it.

During the End hase, | this card oat Ev

imthe-G¥ betause (twas destroyed Sages =]
on the field by battle or card effect” ® =)
and sént there this ttn: You_can = Dismantle +10
Special Summon } "Rokket™ L a Ld /
monster {rom your Derk, except,
"Silverrokket Dragan",


Frame 2855: Silverrokiet Dragan _ e

eo. e @1a00 $100

[oragoretfect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated that largets this face-up
card on the fisid (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, [f this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket™

monster from your Beck, except
“Siiverrokket Dragon".

(How to obtain

& taro

Can Dismantle 1

4B Dismantie

@ v0
@ -30

Generate


Frame 2856: a) 501

ze dese 22

Silverrokket Dragon 8

aa @1800 100

(Dragon/effect)

When a Link Monster's effect is
activated that targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokke!

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon"

& iia

Can Dismantle

AS Dismantle §=—-@ +10

Wl Generate «=


Frame 2857: a) 501

(By2ts se a2

Silverrokket Dragan 7

a4 G @1500 100

(Dragon/etect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated thal targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon".

:
& ivoio
Can Dismantle =f )
 Dismantie = @P +10

il Generate §=—-@B-30


Frame 2858: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

Silverrokket Dragan a

a4 @1800 100

(Dragon/etfect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated thal targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon".

:
& ioio
Can Dismantle “4 )
% Dismantie §=—-@P +10

il Generale © -30


Frame 2859: a) 591

(y2is ae 22

Silverrokket Dragan oe

a4 Ge @1800 100

(Dragon/Effect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated thal targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon".

:
& ivoio
Can Dismantle a )
4 Dismantie «= @P +10

Ml Generate © -30


Frame 2860: a) 501

(By2ts se 22

Silverrokket Dragan 7

a4 1500 100

(Dragon/Etfect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated thal targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon".

:
& ivoio
Can Dismantle 4 )
-% Dismantie = @P +10

Wl Generale «= -30


Frame 2861: a) 501

(y2is se a2

Silverrokket Dragan |

a4 1500 6100

(Dragon/Etfect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated thal targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon".

:
& ivoio
Can Dismantle t )
-% Dismantie = @P +10

il Generale © -30


Frame 2862: a) 591

ce: SC Ed

Giver uitg ao

aa e 1800 100

(Dragon/Effect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated thal targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon".

F

|

& — 1010 CHE

Can Dism:

E
a

Dismantle +10

Generate = -30


Frame 2863: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

Silverrokket Dragan |

ae 1500 100

(Dragon/Effect]
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated thal targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
can destroy this card, then look at
your opponent's Extra Deck and
banish 1 card from it.

During the End Phase, if this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"

monster from your Deck, except
"Silverrokket Dragon".

F

zr
|
aT

& jroo
Can Dismantle an

Ea
a

Dismantle +10

Generate = -30


Frame 2864: —— |

a4 @1s00 9109
(Dragonetetd
When a Link Monster's effect is
activated that targets this face-up
card on the field (Quick Effect): You
an destroy this card, then look at
Mor coer enttalEstin| Boric
anish 1 card from it.
During the End Phase, it this card is
in the GY because it was destroyed
on the field by battle or card effect
and sent there this turn: You can
Special Summon 1 "Rokket"
monster fram yaur Deck, except
“Si\lverrokket Dragon",

j/o/0
Can Dismantlo 1

:

By ot

45 Dismantie

@ 10
"@  Gonarate $Y -30


Frame 2865: ser pzis «= se

GR 22

Frame 2866: Marincess Blue Tang
@. ® #1500 ©1200
(Cybarse/Etfact) ae =
W this cad js Nopmal or Special |
Summoned. You can send |
“Marincass® monster irom your

Dack to the GY. except "Matincess
Blue Tang

this card fs sent fo the GVas =a
matetia) for the Link Summon of a sarua]
WATER munster: You can excavate eta iimaine2)(

the top 3 cards of your Dee and ifm, 4
you do, yau can add excavated (es Dismantle +10 — |

"Marincess* card fe your hand, also

shuitlle the rest inro yaur Deck a
You can anly use each cttect oF fr ‘Generaid” 30)


Frame 2867: a1 ® 1500 ©1200

[cyberse/etect]
It this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned, You can send 1
“Marincess" monster from your

Dack to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang"

If this card is sent to the GY as 2 2i0/0
material for the Link Summon of a

WATER monster: You can excavate Can Dismantle_2
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if

you do, you can ado 1 excavated a Dismantie @® +10
"Marincess" card to your hand, also

shuttle the rest into your Deck.

You can only use each effect of

# Generate # -30


Frame 2868: a) 501

ze dese 22

La |

a. 8 @1so0 ©1200

Icyberse/Ettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can send 1
"Marincess" monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang",

If this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you do, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck

You can only use each effect of

‘Ay Dismantle §=—-@ +10

Ml Generate |


Frame 2869: a) 501

(By2ts se a2

inion: thn

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1200

(cyberserEtfect!
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can send 1
"Marincess’ monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang".

IF this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

Ta.)
nic
a om


Frame 2870: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

Marincess Blue Tang 8

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1200

(cyberserEtfecth
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send 1
"Marincess’ monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang".

IF this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess” card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

la.
nic
a om


Frame 2871: a) 591

(ey2ts se i 22

Marincess Blue Tang 8

a4 8 ®1s00 @1200

(cyberserEtfecth
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send 1
"Marincess’ monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang".

IF this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess” card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

=a.)
nic
a om


Frame 2872: a) 501

(By2ts se 22

Marincess Blue Tang |

a4 8 ®1s00 @1200

(cyberse/etfect!
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can send 1
"Marincess’ monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang".

If this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

Can Dismantle
&

Dismantle


Frame 2873: a) 501

ee: eC Ed

Marincess Blue Tang ss

a4 8 ®1s00 @1200

(cyberse/etfect!
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can send 1
"Marincess’ monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang".

If this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

Can Dismantle
&

Dismantle


Frame 2874: a) 591

(y2ts se | 22

Lich |

a4 8 ®1s00 @1200

(cyberse/efect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send 1
"Marincess” monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang".

IF this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

Ta:

nic
2
co)

- Dismantle «= +10

"Bt Generate «= -30


Frame 2875: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

a4 8 ®1s00 @1200

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send 1
“Marincess" monster from your
Deck to the GY, except “Marincess

2
Blue Tang".
IF this card is sent to the GY as & 3v010
material for the Link Summon of a ( 4
WATER monster: You can excavate  CanDismantle _2
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated Ay dismantle = @ +10
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of if “Generate Gy 80


Frame 2876: a) 591

(ey2ts se 22

Lich |

a4 8 ®1s00 @1200

(cyberse/enect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send 1
"Marincess” monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tang".

IF this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you da, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

—a-@
nic
2

2 =)

&
"Bt Generate «= -30

Dismantle


Frame 2877: iyset  ayzie «ae Gh 22

Marincess Blue Tang

2

®1so0 $1200

(cyberse/etfect]_
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can send 1
"Marincess" monster from your
Deck to the GY, except "Marincess
Blue Tana".

IF this card is sent to the GY as
material for the Link Summon of a
WATER monster: You can excavate
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you do, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest into your Deck.

‘ou can only use each effect of

|
Ci roiat

< 2/010

Can Dismantle 2 at )

4 Dismantie @ +10


Frame 2878: Marincess Blue Tang  @

@4@8 @1s00 61200

(cyberse/Enect)
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can send 1
“Marincess" monster from your

jeck to the GY, except "Marincess
Ce Tang".
If this card is sent to the GY as & 2/0/0
material for the Link Summon ofa
WATER monster: You can excavate Can Dismantle_2
the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if
you do, you can add 1 excavated
"Marincess" card to your hand, also
shuffle the rest inta your Deck.
You can only use each effect of

C WD)


Frame 2879: ser pzis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2880: Stailiege Seyfert
@4 © #1500 Go
os
You can send any number of |
Dragon monsters from your Hand
and/or face-up fisidjto lhe GY; add

1 Dragon monster trom your Deck

lo your hand whose Level equals

Wie fete! original Levels ol those fi
monsters sent to the GY SS (ea

You tan banish this carc! fromyour £0 Diamantle 0 | “4
GY, then target 1 Level § LIGHE of >

DARK Dragan monster in your GY; Caines

add |t to your hand.

You can only use’each effect of
*Starliege Seyfert" onee per tinh


Frame 2881: a |

e460 100 So
(ragowetfect]

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY: add
1 Dragon monster irom your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the tolal original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
“Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

oy
| a

@ 3 )

+

& foro

CenuBigoaniie 0


Frame 2882: a) 501

2s «ae

Starflege Seylert
ec @1e00 $0

(Dragowentect]

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert” once per turn.

i)

1
* isola

Can Dismantle 0

B+

Cannot Dismant

®

erate

ca


Frame 2883: a) 501

(y2ie | ae ——= 22
Starliege Seyfert

ane ®1e00 ae o
(Dragon/Effect] ED

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

(A Hew oabtain to Obtain

& jn ==

aa
Can Dismantle Ey

7 Cannot Dismant!


Frame 2884: a) 591

y2ie | ae —— 22
Slarliege Seyfert
a4 ®1e00 ae o
(Dragon/Effect!____ ND

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

(A Hew obtain to Obtain

_ - C=”
Can Dismante 0 (ES
& Cannot Dismanti
- nerate = SP


Frame 2885: a) 591

(y2ie | ae —— 22
Slarliege Seyfert
a4 ®1e00 — o
{Dragon/Effect!____

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

(A view oantain to Obtain

_ - C=”
Can Diamante Ed
& Cannot Dismanti
- nerate SP


Frame 2886: a) 501

(yzie | ae —__- 22
Starliege Seyfert
ane ®1e00 — o
(Dragon/Effect]

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

(A Hew obtain to Obtain

& jn ==
CanDismantie 0

7 Cannot Dismant!

nerate |=


Frame 2887: a) 501

yzie | ae —— 22
Starliege Seyfert

ane ®1e00 —— o
IDragon/Etfect] EN

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
Gy, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

(A vow obtain to Obtain

& jn ==
CanDismantie 0

7 Cannot Dismant!

nerate |=


Frame 2888: a) 591

(y2ie | ae —— 22

Starliege Seyfert

a4 e sa 1600 60
(Dragon/ettect]

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Level B LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

& jn
Can Dismantie 0 =t ——

or Cannot £


Frame 2889: a) 591

(y2ie | ae —— 22

Starliege Seyfert

a4 @ — 1600 60
(Dracon/Ettect]

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Level B LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

& inno
CanDismantie 0 =a ——


Frame 2890: a) 501

(y2ie | ae —_. 22

Starliege Seyfert

a4 e os 1600 60
(ragon/Etfect]

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
and/or face-up field to the GY; add
1 Dragon monster from your Deck
to your hand, whose Level equals
the total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.

You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Level B LIGHT or
DARK Dragon monster in your GY;
add it to your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

& inno
CanDismantie 0 = ——

or Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2891: a4 @1e00 60
(Dragonetetd

You can send any number of
Dragon monsters from your hand
ind/or face—up field to the GY; add
Dragon monster from your Deck
« your hand, whose Level equals
ie total original Levels of those
monsters sent to the GY.
You can banish this card from your
GY, then target 1 Level B LIGHT or
DARK Dragon manster in your GY;
add It to your hand.
You can only use each effect of
"Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.

io/0

Catone o (EY -' )

| Cannot Dis


Frame 2892: ser pzis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2893: @yser  pzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2894: a |

eo. 9 1500 ®1000

IWasriar/Gemini/=ffect]_
This card |s treated as 2 Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY,

While this card is a Normal Monster
‘on the field, you can) Normal

Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect.

@'f this card |s Normal or Special

Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
manster in your GY, except
“Evocator Eveque"; Special
‘Summon |t. You can only use this

j o7 Diamante

¥ Generate -30


Frame 2895: yser ay zte

@se G2

Evocatar Eveque es |T

@4 0 @1so0
{Wartlor/Gemini/ettectl

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY.

While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect

Gif this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
monster in your GY, except
"Evocator Eveque"; Special
Summon it. You can only use this

( )
|

a)
c=

Cannot Dis

& iva/o

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 2896: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

fatatone

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1000

(Wartlor/Geminvertec
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field
or in the GY,

While this card Is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect

@if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
manster in your GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special
Summon it. You can only use this

al tow 10 obtain

ills

1
& jroo
Bo

Bs Cannot Dismantic

|

Generate 4-30


Frame 2897: a) 591

(By2ts se i 22
|
#4 9 ®1s00 ®1000

(Warrlor/Geminvettec
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field
or in the GY,

While this card Is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect

@if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
manster in your GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special
Summon it. You can only use this

How to Obtain

ir

a

1
& iva/o

a

3

ae Cannot Dismantic


Frame 2898: a) 591

(By2ts se G22

faiatone

#4 @ ®1s00 ®1000

(Warrlor/Geminvettect]
This card Is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY.

While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect

@lf this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
manster in your GY, except
“Evacator Eveque": Special
Summon it. You can only use this

How to Obtain

1
& jroo

Hallie

m1

ae Cannot Dismantic


Frame 2899: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

a4 8 ®1so00 ®1000

(Warrlor/Geminvettect|
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face—up on the field
or in the GY,

While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect

@ if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
monster in your GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special

You can only use this

ae Cannot Dismantie

‘BI Generate |


Frame 2900: a) 591

yzie | ae

Evocator Eveque
a4 8
(Warrlor/GeminvEffee]

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY,
While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect
@ if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
monster in yaur GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special

it. You can only use this

CA)
=

ou
1

CanDismantle 0

1

ae Cannot Dismanile


Frame 2901: a) 591

(ey2is se 22

a4 8 ®1s00 @1000

(Warrlor/GeminvEftec]
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY.
While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect
@if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
monster in your GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special

it. You can only use this

2 Cannot Diemantie

Generate «=


Frame 2902: a) 591

(yzie | ae

Evocator Eveque
a4 8
(Warrlor/GeminV/Effect]

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY,
While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect
@ if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
monster in your GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special

it. You can only use this

Ch)
|

om

Cannot Dismantie

& isoio

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2903: a) 591

(ey2ts ae 22
Evocatar Eveque a) am ;
a4 8 ®1s00 @1000

(Warrlor/GeminvEffee]

This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY,
While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect
@ if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
monster in your GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special

it. You can only use this

& How to Obtain

Cannot Dismantle

& isin

CanDismantle 0


Frame 2904: This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the field
or in the GY,
While this card is a Normal Monster
on the field, you can Normal
Summon it to have it become an
Effect Monster with this effect
@ if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warrior monster or 1 Gemini
monster in your GY, except
"Evacator Eveque"; Special

it. You can only use this

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2905: (Warrior/Gominveftect
This card is treated as a Normal
Monster while face-up on the fleld

or in the GY,
A4hile this card is a Normal Monster

n the field, you can Normal

Summon it to have it become an ge jroo

Effect Monster with this effect, =i (ed

@i this card is Normal or Specia) #2 Demantle _O Z
Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE
Warriar monster or 1 Gemini rr C
manster in your GY, except

Summon It. You can only use this


Frame 2906: ser pzis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2907: Chaniber Draganmaid ay. Ta a =~
®4 ® %500 @1e00 — a
[Draqan/Etfoctl, a} 1 (Arar onan }
WW this card js Normal or Special | \

Summaned. You can add 1

“Dragon maid SpelTrap trom your

Beck to your hand.

Aj the start of the Batt)2 Phase: Vou...

<@nrreturn this card te the Rane & aro

and if you de: Special Summon }
Level'7 ar higher "Dragonmatd” peerage ia a) (Eo v4
monster [rom your hand cr GY » .

You can only'tuse each effect of Par

"Chamber Dragonmmaia” once per


Frame 2908: Chamber Draganmaid |

a4. @s00 ©1500

(Dragorvettect]
It this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid” Spel|/Trap from your
Dack to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can retum this card to the hand,
and If you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY

You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per
turn.

CR)

Bo +
& ioro
= Cen
7 ot Diam:


Frame 2909: a) 501

ze dese | th 22

Chamber Dragonmaid 8

a4 G 500 1500
(Dragewettet]
If this card is Nermal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand,

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,

and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY

You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Draganmaid" once per

turn.

==
/


Frame 2910: a) 501

(y2ts ae i 22

Cnt Donna

aa G ®so00 #1500

(Dragonettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per
turn.

Cannot


Frame 2911: a) 591

(y2is se 22

Cnt Dona

aa Ge ®so00 #1500

(Dragonettet]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per
turn.

Cannot


Frame 2912: a) 591

(y2ts se 22

Cnt Dospan

aa Ge ®so00 #1500

(Dragonettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per
turn.

Can Dismantle

Cannot

rate

nantie


Frame 2913: a) 501

(y2ts se 22

Cnt Dena

a4 G ®so00 #1500

(Dragon/ettet]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per
turn.

Can Dismantle 0 ——

Cannot

(Ao


Frame 2914: a) 501

(y2ts se i 22

Cn Dona

a4 G ®so00 #1500

(Dragon/ettet]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY.

You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per
turn.

Can Dismantle 0 ——

Cannot

(Ae


Frame 2915: a) 591

(By2ts se 22

aa Ge ®so00 #1500

(Dragon/ettect]

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
"Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid"
monster from your hand or GY.
You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid"

turn.

Ch)


Frame 2916: a) 591

(y2is se 22

Chamber Draganmaid | = a

aa eg ®so00 #1500

(Dragon/ettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
"Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand, 3 Tyoro
and if you do, Special Summon 1

Level 7 or higher "Dragonmaid" can Demantis 9)
monster from your hand or GY.
You can only use each effect of cd Cannot Dismantle
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per

turn. "Generate §=— # -30


Frame 2917: Chamber Dragonmaid

as
[Dragon/Effect)
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid" Spell/Trap from your

eck to your hand

t the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 7 of higher "Dragonmaid”
monster from your hand or GY.
You can only use each effect of
"Chamber Dragonmaid" once per
turn,

@so0 1500

a:

‘{Aivow to obtain

& iyo/o
=
ec ‘Cannot Dismantie

Generate =) -30


Frame 2918: @yser  pzis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2919: Fallen of Albaz
e4
{OragoqV/Ettoct)
Mf this card is Normal or Spectal +
Summaned (except duying the
Danrage Step); Youeen discard’
card! Fusion Summon 1 Fusion

| Monster framyour Extta Deck,
using monsters on eltiier field as
Fusion Material. jnciuding this card,
bul you canmol use ather monster!
you control as Fusion Material . i
You can only Use this'eftect of
"Fallen of Albaz* ance per turn | |

)

{AF Bismanie v0 Dicmantle = +10
(F Gonerata = =30


Frame 2920: Fallen of Albaz —_ €

a. 1300 0
(ragovetect]
If this card is Normal ar Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step); You can discard 1
card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters on either field as
Fusion Material, inciuding this card.
but you cannot use other monsters
you control as Fusion Material

You can only use this effect of
"Fallen of Albaz" ance per turn.

(Alou to onisin


Frame 2921: ser zie se ae

46 @1e00 60

(Dragons)
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step): You can discard 1
card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,

using monsters on either field as Fen
Fusion Material, including this card, 1/000
but you cannot use other monsters Can Dismantle

you control as Fusion Material.

You can only use this effect of 4 Dismantle +10
“Fallen of Albaz" once per turn:

Bo

al Generate, «= -30


Frame 2922: a) 501

(y2ts se 22

4 @ ®1e00 60
(Dragon/effect] |

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step): You can discard 1
card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters on either field as
Fusion Material, including this card,
but you cannot use other monsters
you control as Fusion Material.
You can only use this effect of
"Fallen of Albaz" once per turn

=A)

1
:
=


Frame 2923: a) 591

(y2ts se i 22

a4 6 ©1800 60
(Dragon/ettect]

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step): You can discard 1
card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters on either field as
Fusion Material, including this card,
but you cannot use other monsters
you control as Fusion Material.
You can only use this effect of
"Fallen of Albaz" once per turn

& isoio

Can Dismantte

-%  Dismantie

ca

® +10

Generate GB -30


Frame 2924: a) 501

(y2is se 22

4 @ ®1e00 60
(Dragon/effect] __ =

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step): You can discard 1
card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters on either field as
Fusion Material, including this card,
but you cannot use other monsters
you control as Fusion Material.
You can only use this effect of
"Fallen of Albaz" once per turn

& isoio

Can Dismantie

-% — Dismantie

ca

® +10

Generate GB -30


Frame 2925: a) 501

(y2ts se 22

a4 6 ®1s00 60
(Dragon/Etteet)

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step): You can discard 1
card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters on either field as
Fusion Material, including this card,
but you cannot use other monsters
you control as Fusion Material.
You can only use this effect of
"Fallen of Albaz" once per turn

& isoio

Can Dismantie

-%  Dismantie

‘a

® +10

Generate  G -30


Frame 2926: a) 591

(y2ts se a2

a4 6 1800 0
(Dragon/etteet]

if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step): You can discard 1
card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters on either field as
Fusion Material, including this card,
but you cannot use other monsters
you control as Fusion Material.
You can only use this effect of
"Fallen of Albaz" once per turn.

How to Obtain

“4

Dismantle


Frame 2927: Fallen of Albaz  &

a4 @1e00 60

Wragoneftet]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned (except during the
Damage Step); You can discard 1
ard; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion
jonster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters on either field as
Fusion Material, including this card,
but you cannot use other monsters
you control as Fusion Material.
You can only use this effect of
Fallen of Albaz” once per turn

Bo +

& jroo

Can Dismantl


Frame 2928: jyser zis | se

GR 22

Frame 2929: aaa #1709 ©1000

IMachine/Efteci] ‘ —]
WW this card is Normal or Special |
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jingo”
9p 1 Speii/Trap Uraespeciically lists
that card in Its text, from your Deck
| to your hand.
When another monster you control
\s@tlacked by an opponent s

Psychic Bouncer

monster, before damage calculation:

You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this ecard,

You ean only Use each etlert of
"Psychic Bounder” once per tum fF Cer |


Frame 2930: Psychic Bouncer =]

eae 1700 ®1000

(Mschine/Etee

Hf this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1 "Jinzo”
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
that card in its text, from your Deck
te your hand,

When another monster you control
is attacked by an opponent's
monster, before camage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card

You can only use each effect of
“Psychic Bounder" once per turn.

| (How onan

|

,

_
& ijoro
Cn

Cannot Dismantis


Frame 2931: i) 591

ze dese dh 22

Psychic Bounder

4 @ @1700 ©1000

{Machineieteety NNN

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo"
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
that card in its text, rom your Deck
to your hand.

When another monster you control
is attacked by an opponent's
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card.

You can only use each effect of
"Psychic Bounder" ance per turn.

1

aol |
1
& jroo =

CanDismantle 0
* Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2932: a) sot

(y2ts se i 22

Oo
a1 @ 1700 1000

{Machine/Effect) _—s—si“‘t tr

If this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo”

or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists |
that card in its text, from your Deck

to your hand,

When another monster you control
is attacked by an opponent's
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card. os Cannot Dismantie
You can only use each effect of

"Psychic Bounder” once per turn WB Generate GP -30


Frame 2933: a) sot

(y2ts se 22

Psychic Bounder

————.|

a4 @ ®1700 ®1000
tWachinsieteat)

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo"
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
that card in its text, from your Deck
to your hand.

When another monster you control
Js attacked by an opponent's
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card.

You can only use each effect of
"Psychic Bounder" once per turn

=
(Crete cara) Cards

“ Cannot Dismantie


Frame 2934: a) sot

(zis se 22

Psychic Bounder

ed

a4 @ 1700 1000
(Machine/evec)

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo"
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
that card in its text, from your Deck
to your hand.

When another monster you control
Js attacked by an opponent's
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card.

You can only use each effect of
"Psychic Bounder" once per turn

Cannot Dismantie

os


Frame 2935: a) sot

ee: eC SE

Psychic Bounder

ee

a4 @ ®1700 1000
(Machine/évec)

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo"
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
that card in its text, from your Deck
to your hand.

When another monster you control
Js attacked by an opponent's
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card.

You can only use each effect of
"Psychic Bounder” once per turn

Cannot Dismantie

os


Frame 2936: a) sot

(y2is se ih 22

Psychic Bounder

ee

a4 @ ®1700 1000
(Maehine/étec)

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo"
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
that card in its text, from your Deck
to your hand.

When another monster you control
Js attacked by an opponent's
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card.

You can only use each effect of
"Psychic Bounder” once per turn

Cannot Dismantie

os


Frame 2937: a) sot

ee: EC SE

Psychic Bounder

———— |

a4 @ ®1700 ®1000

(Machine/ettect]

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo"
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
that card in its text, from your Deck
to your hand.

When another monster you control
Js attacked by an opponent's
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card.

You can only use each effect of
"Psychic Bounder" once per turn

=n)
|

1
I

e

~ Cannot Dismantle


Frame 2938: |

a4 6 @1700 $1000

(Machine/Ettect!

IF this card is Normal or Spacial
Summoned: You can add 1 “Jinzo"
or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists
hat card in its text, from your Deck
& your hand.

When another monster you control
is attacked by an opponent's:
monster, before damage calculation:
You can destroy both the attacking
monster and this card.

You can only use each effect of
"Psychic Bounder” ance per turn.

tioi0

&

oe
1 Gonerato |

~— Cannot Dismantis

if


Frame 2939: @jyser  p2is | se

GR 22

Frame 2940: todd Sail caper Ss

8 @1zou @1200 |
(FalerfBitec ae —|
You can Tribute this Neorinal !
Summoned/Set card: add 1 EARTH
Fain monstenframp yeu: Deck to

your hand, excepf "World Soul ~
Carbon"!

Wa face-up Fairy monster(s)iyeu
conltol |3 sent to the GY. while this
card isn your GY (except during

the Damage Step): You can place
this cata on top af your Deck.

You can only use’ "World Saul -
Carbon’ effect per turn, and onty
ance thattum.


Frame 2941: World Soul ~ Carban_ es

eo. eB 1200 ©1200

(rained
You can Tribute this Normal
Summoned/Set card; add 1 EARTH
Fairy monster from your Deck to
your hand, except “World Soul —
Carbon".

If a face-up Fairy monster(s) you
control is sent to the GY, while this
card |s In your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can place
this card on top of your Deck.

You can only use 1 "World Soul -
Carbon" effect per turn, and only
once that turn.

= Abou wo optain

(e+ )


Frame 2942: i) 591

ze dese G22
4 @ $1200 ®1200 | Cm)

|
You can Tribute this Normal
Summoned/Set card; add 1 EARTH
Fairy monster from your Deck to
your hand, except "World Soul —
Carbon".

If a face-up Fairy monster(s) you
control |s sent to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can place
this card on top of your Deck.

You can only use 1 "World Soul —
Carbon" effect per turn, and only
once that turn.

1
& ivoro

Canpismantte 4 (EY -!

ay @ +10

at Generate © -30

Ro o+t

Dismantie


Frame 2943: a) sot

(y2is se i 22

=<—Cei 2

a4 8 ®1200 61200

(rairy/ettect]
You can Tribute this Normal
Summoned/Set card; add 1 EARTH
Fairy monster from your Deck to
your hand, except “World Soul —
Carbon".

IF a face-up Fairy monster(s) you
contra! |s sent to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can place
this card on top of your Deck.

You can only use 1 "World Soul —
Carbon" effect per turn, and only
once that turn.

CA)

5
1

& isoio

Con Diamante 1 (ES! )


Frame 2944: a) sot

(y2ts se 22
World Soul—Carbon LL — Crm)
a4 8 @ 1200 $1200

(rairy/ettect]
You can Tribute this Normal
Summoned/Set card; add 1 EARTH
Fairy monster from your Deck to
your hand, except “World Soul —
Carbon".

IF a face-up Fairy monster(s) you
contra! |s sent to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can place
this card on top of your Deck.

You can only use 1 "World Soul -
Carbon" effect per turn, and only
once that turn.


Frame 2945: a) sot

en: EC
World Soul-Carbon EL —
ee Siena a=

(rairy/ettect]
You can Tribute this Normal
Summoned/Set card; add 1 EARTH
Fairy monster from your Deck to
your hand, except “World Soul —
Carbon".

IF a face-up Fairy monster(s) you
contra! |s sent to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can place
this card on top of your Deck.

You can only use 1 "World Soul —
Carbon" effect per turn, and only
once that turn.

o

CanDismantie 4


Frame 2946: a) sot

(y2ts se 22

¥odso) oe)

aa 8 ®1200 1200

(rairy/ettect]
You can Tribute this Normal
Summoned/Set card; add 1 EARTH
Fairy monster from your Deck to
your hand, except "World Soul —
Carbon".

IF a face-up Fairy monster(s) you
contral is sent to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can place
this card on top of your Deck.

You can only use 1 "World Soul —
Carbon" effect per turn, and only
once that turn.

How to Obtain

Can Dismantie
By dismantle = +10
‘) Gonerate


Frame 2947: World Soul ~ Carbon 2)

e418 @®iz00 ®1200

(Fairy/ettect]
You can Tribute this Normal
Summonad/Set card; add 1 EARTH
Fairy monster from your Deck to
‘our hand, except “World Soul —
bon".
It a face-up Fairy monster(s) you
control |s sent to the GY, while this
card is in your GY (except during
the Damage Step): You can place
this card on top of your Deck.
You can only use 1 "World Soul —
Carbon" effect per turn, and only
once that turn.

(Ai Mow te obnin
Related Cards

& ivo/o
a
Be pie


Frame 2948: @yser zis «se

GR 22

Frame 2949: Cytrercark Chimera
e146

IMachine/Eiteea) -
You can discard 1 Spell/Trap, add 1
“Pawei Bond” from your Deck Ly
yourhendeyay camunly use
Dragon of Machine “Cyber”
monsters as Fusion Material this
tum, also unce when you Fusion
Summon this turn. you can also

& fran
banish monstes(s) fiom your GY as fin Bismaitie_D {

material

\f (his tard is"Sentto'the GY! You as
can send | "Cyberdark" manster :

from your Deck to the GY with a Se ns
ditfaren' name fromthe cardsin (°F Generate” @=30_ |


Frame 2950: CyberdarkChimerz

aa @s00 ©2100

Uachine/ettect]
You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1
“Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine “Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this turn, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material.

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send 1 "Cyberdark" monster
trom your Deck to the GY. with a

different name from the cards |n

pune EV.

CA)

Cannon Dist


Frame 2951: i) 591

ze dese th 22

Cyberdark Chimera
i=

You can nee 1 SpellTrap; add 1
"Power Band" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this turn, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as Can Dis
material.

If this card is sent to the GY: You eS Cannot Dismant
can send 1 "Cyberdark” monster

from your Deck to the GY, with a 7

different name from the cards in
simu BV


Frame 2952: a) sot

(y2ts se G22

Cyberdark Chimera

a4 @ @®s00 #2100

(Machine/eftect]
You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1
"Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this turn, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send 1 “Cyberdark” monster
from your Deck to the GY, with a

different name from the cards in
sou OV.

& isoio
ta)

CanDismantie 0
“s Cannot Dismantle

Generate


Frame 2953: a) sot

(y2ts se | 22

Cyberdark Chimera

a4 @ ®s00 #2100

(Machine/eftect]
You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1
"Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this turn, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send 1 “Cyberdark” monster
from your Deck to the GY, with a

different name from the cards in
sion OV.

& jroo
“p

CanDismantie 0
a Cannot Dismantle

Generate


Frame 2954: a) sot

(y2ts se i 22

Cyberdark Chimera

a4 @ ®s00 #2100

(Machine/eftect]
You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1
"Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this turn, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send 1 “Cyberdark” monster
from your Deck to the GY, with a

different name from the cards in
sini OV.

& isoio
fa)

CanDismantie 0
a Cannot Dismantle

Generate


Frame 2955: a) sot

ee: eC

Cyberdark Chimera

a4 @ ®s00 #2100

(Machine/eftect]
You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1
"Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this turn, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send 1 “Cyberdark” monster
from your Deck to the GY, with a

different name from the cards in
sini OV.

1
a

CanDismantie 0


Frame 2956: a) sot

ce: eC

Cyberdark Chimera

a4 @ ®s00 #2100

(Machine/eftect]
You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1
"Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this turn, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send 1 “Cyberdark” monster
from your Deck to the GY, with a

different name from the cards in
sini OV.

1

CanDismantie 0 =

as Cannot Dismantle

Conese


Frame 2957: a) sot

ee: eC

Cyberdark Chimera ee)

a4 @ ®so00 #2100

(Machine/effect]
You can discard 1 Spel/Trap; add 1
“Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this tun, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send | "Cyberdark” monster
from your Deck to the GY, with a

different name from the cards in
sae BY.

>
1
I

os Cannot

antle


Frame 2958: a) sot

ee: Ce SE

Cyberdark Chimera = 8

a4 @ ®so00 #2100

(Machine/effect]
You can discard 1 Spel/Trap; add 1
“Power Bond" from your Deck to
your hand, you can only use
Dragon or Machine "Cyber"
monsters as Fusion Material this
turn, also once when you Fusion
Summon this tun, you can also
banish monster(s) from your GY as
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can send | "Cyberdark” monster
from your Deck to the GY, with a

different name from the cards in
sue BY.

—t

1
& isaio
CanDismantie 0

‘Bl Generale «= -30

4


Frame 2959: Cyherdark Chimera s&s = =a)

a1 & @eco #2100

(iachine/éttect| NNN

You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1
“Power Bond" from your Deck to

our hand, you can only use

ragon or Machine "Cyber"

jonsters as Fusion Materlal this

Wm, also once when you Fusion &
Summon this tum, you can also
banish monster(s) fram your GY as Can Dismantle 0
material

If this card is sent to the GY: You CaleaDicmentle
can send | "Cyberdark" monster

from your Deck to the GY, with a 5

different name from the cards in Generate -30

eel M.


Frame 2960: @yser zis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2961: ©

Starry Knight Orbitae!

ew

(Quick Effect): You can target 1
UGHT jonster youcontrol; Tribute
itoano:|f youco, Seta “Starry
Knight® Spell/Trap directly Irom your
Dack

Wa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon
monster yu-contro! returns fo. the
hand, while Wis card is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step)
You ¢2n Special Summon this card.
Yau can only Useleach ettect of
“Starry Knight Orbitae)” once par
turn

i
®sn9 @2100
(Fain/Etect = ee!

3 og
(EZ we tee)

Han Dismantle y

ie Dismantle Gio |

ick Generate 70 |


Frame 2962: Starry Knight Orbitaet — e

e418 @a00 ©2100

(rair/enect]
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
LIGHT monster you control; Tribute
it, and if you do, Set 1 "Starry
Knight" Spell/Trap directly from your
Deck

Ita face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon
monster you control returns to the
hand, while this card Is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card.
Yau can only use each effect of
“Starry Knight Orbitael" once per
turn.


Frame 2963: i) 591

ze dese G22

diary ight Ocean)

a4 @ @an0 $2100

(Fairy/ettect]
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
LIGHT monster you control; Tribute
it, and if you do, Set 1 "Starry
Knight" Spell/Trap directly from your
Deck.

If a face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon
monster you control returns to the
hand, while this card is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
“Starry Knight Orbitael" once per
turn,

ir

‘a Generate © -30


Frame 2964: a) sot

(y2ts se i 22

Stary Knight Orbitael

a4 8 ®an0 #2100

(Faiq/eteci!
(Quick Effect); You can target 1
LIGHT monster you contro!; Tribute
it, and if you do, Set 1 "Starry

Knight" Spell/Trap directly from your 1

Ifa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon jso10 (fe )
ze) |

monster you control retums to the
hand, while this card isin your GY  CanDismantie _1
(except during the Damage Step):

You can Special Summon this card. 4 Dismantie @ 10

You can only use each effect of

tan Wt Generate «= -30

CA)


Frame 2965: a) sot

ee: eC

Soc ie
a4 8 ®an0 #2100
(Falg/tee]
(Quick Effect); You can target 1

LIGHT monster you control; Tribute
it, and if you do, Set 1 "Starry

Knight" Speli/Trap directly from your
Deck,

fa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon jvo10 (. )
1

monster you control retums to the 3
hand, while this card is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step):

You can Special Summon this card. 4% Dismantie @ 10

You can only use each effect of

tan Wit Generate §=—@ -30


Frame 2966: a) sot

ee: CT

Sumy mw oninl an

eae Sam @2100
ye sa
(Quick Effect); You can target 1

LIGHT monster you control; Tribute (Cares co)
it. and if you do, Set 1 "Starry fend Owes,
Knight" Spell/Trap directly from your

1

Deck,

fa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon ivoio

monster you control retums to the ( 9-1
hand, while this card isin your GY  CanDismantie 1 (7 ™ _
(except during the Damage Step):

You can Special Summon this card. 4 Dismantie @ +10

You can only use each effect of

tan it Generate «= -30


Frame 2967: a) sot

(zis se ih 22

Stary Knight Orbitael

a4 8 ®an0 #2100

(Fatry/etedt] as
(Quick Effect); You can target 1
LIGHT monster you contro|; Tribute
it, and if you do, Set 1 "Starry

Knight" Spell/Trap directly from your 1

fa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon jvo1o (. )
ze)

monster you control retums to the
hand, while this card isin your GY  CanDismantie _1
(except during the Damage Step):

You can Special Summon this card. 4 Dismantie @ 10

You can only use each effect of

taal: it Generate «= -30

CA)


Frame 2968: a) sot

ee: EC

a4 8 ®an0 #2100

(Faiy/eted! as
(Quick Effect); You can target 1
LIGHT monster you contro!; Tribute
it, and if you do, Set 1 "Starry
Knight" Spell/Trap directly from your
Deck,

If a face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon
monster you control returns to the
hand, while this card is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Starry Knight Orbitael" once per
turn.


Frame 2969: a) sot

(zie | ae —-

Starry Knight Orbital
a4 8 @®ano $2100

(Fairy/effect! —_—— |

(Quick Effect): You can target 1
LIGHT monster you control; Tribute =
it. and if you do, Set 1 "Starry Hayne eae,

Knight" Speli/Trap directly from your 1
ze

Ifa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon & jyoro

monster you control retums to the
hand, while this card is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step):

You can Special Summon this card. 4 Dismantle = +

You can only use each effect of

10
Rt Ht Generate «= -30

Can Dismantle


Frame 2970: a) sot

ee: Ce

a4 8 @ano ®2100
(Fairy/effect] —— | |

(Quick Effect): You can target 1
LIGHT monster you control; Tribute (Caroree co)
It. and if you do, Set 1 "Starry Hayne eae,

Knight" Speli/Trap directly from your 1

Ifa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon & jyoro
ze)

monster you control retums to the
hand, while this card is in your GY _CanDismantie _1
(except during the Damage Step):

You can Special Summon this card. (8° — Dismantle +10

You can only use each effect of

Rts ‘Ht Generate «= -30


Frame 2971: a) sot

ee: CT

Starry Knight Orbitael =e)

a1 8 ®ano $2100

(Fairy/ettect]_—_
(Quick Effect); You can target 1
LIGHT monster you control; Tribute
it, and if you do, Set 1 "Starry
Knight" Speli/Trap directly from your
Deck,

Ifa face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon
monster you control retums to the
hand, while this card is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Starry Knight Orbitael" once per
turn.

io

ars

& joo
Can Dismantle 1

jsmantie


Frame 2972: Starry Knight Orbitaet |

eae @a0no S2100

WFaiy/etect]
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
LIGHT monster you control; Tribute
jt. and if you do, Set 1 "Starry
night” Spell/Trap directly from your
eck,
it a face-up Level 7 LIGHT Dragon
monster you control returns to the
hand, while this card is in your GY
(except during the Damage Step):
You can Special Summon this card.
You can only use each effect of
"Starry Knight Orbitael” once per
turn.

& j/o/0
Con Diemantie 1

Bo

Dismantie

2

Generate


Frame 2973: yser zis «= ae

GR 22

Frame 2974: 4 @ ®1400 @i100 |
(Cybersa/Etiect) - ———
Wa Field Spell Card is activated: |

You car) Special Summon this card
(romyyour hand. them if fage—-up

cards aie in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle

— i}

1 Brow we eon |

= >

Of Cary effects this Win ‘ no

You can onlyuise this elfect bi
"Meowseclick” once per turn.
During your turn, the effects*ofithe ||

Ean Dismanile 3 (Be [oy

lace-Up catd in your apponent's iS) a
Field Zone are negatsd. Duritig your

opponent's turn) the effects-af the
face-up card in yaur Field Zane are ore” eto


Frame 2975: or) $1a00 ©1100
[Cyberse/Efect]__——
Ita Field Spell Card is activated:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then. if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn
You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick” once per turn.
During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated. During your
‘opponent's turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

Ca)

B

& 3/010

Can Dismantle 0

=a

{= Cannot Diamant


Frame 2976: i) 591

ze dese tb 22

Meawseclick

nn)

@1a00 ©1100

(cybersevEtteet)
If a Field Spell Card is activate
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then, if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this tum.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick” once per turn.

During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zane are negated. During your
opponent's turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

=)

2
& 2/0/0

CanDismantle 0

BO +

annot C

man


Frame 2977: a) sot

(Bie

Meowseclick
a. @

(Cyberse/ettect)
Ifa Field Spell Card is activate:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick" once per turn.
During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated. During your
opponent's turn, the effects af the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

ae Cn)
nic

:
2

CanDismantie 0
antic

ae Cannot


Frame 2978: a) sot

(Bie

eowaectck -

a4 8

{yberseretfect!_____ NN

Ifa Field Spell Card is activate:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick" once per turn.
During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated. During your
opponent's turn, the effects af the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

2.

CanDismantie 0
antic

ae Cannot


Frame 2979: a) sot

(By 2ie

eowaectck -

a4 8

{yberseretfect! NN

Ifa Field Spell Card is activate:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick" once per turn.
During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated. During your
opponent's turn, the effects af the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

2.

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot


Frame 2980: a) sot

(Bie
Meawseclick = =
a4 ®

(cyberse/ettect)

Ifa Field Spell Card is activate:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then, if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick" once per turn.
During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated. During your
opponent's turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

o

2
=a

CanDismantie 0

ae Cannot


Frame 2981: a) sot

(Bie
Meawseclick = -s
a4 ®

(cyberse/ettect)

Ifa Field Spell Card is activate:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then, if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick" once per turn.
During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated. During your
opponent's turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

:
2

ae Cannot


Frame 2982: a) sot

(By ate —- —-

Meowseclick
a4 8 a iano 1100

(cyberse/ENect!

Ifa Field Spell Card is activate:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then, if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick” once per turn.

During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated, During your
opponent's turn, the effects af the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

 - C=”
1

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 2983: a) sot

(By ate ——

Meowseclick
a4 8 a ano 1100

(cyberse/eNect]

Ifa Field Spell Card is activate:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then, if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
"Meowseclick” once per turn.

During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated, During your
opponent's turn, the effects af the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

 - C=”
1

Can Dismantle 0


Frame 2984: a) sot

ce :

Meowseclick a

a4 8 ®.a00 $1100

{Cybersefettect!___
if a Field Spell Card is activated:
You can Special Summon this card
from your hand, then, if face-up
cards are in both Field Zones, this
card cannot be destroyed by battle
or card effects this turn.

You can only use this effect of
“Meowseclick" once per turn.
During your turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your opponent's
Field Zone are negated. During your
opponent's turn, the effects of the
face-up card in your Field Zone are

| ee LG:

& 3/010

Can Dismantie o “4 )
oe ‘Cannot Dismantle

mar ® -30

Generate


Frame 2985: Meowsectick

=.)

e418 @1ap0 $1100
{cyboreorfect) NNN
If a Field Spell Card is activated:

You can Special Summon this card
rom your hand, then, if face-up
ards are in both Field Zones, this
ard cannot be destroyed by battle

‘or card effects this tum.

You can only use this effect of

"Meowseclick” once per turn.

During your turn, the effects of the

face-up card in your opponent's

Field Zone are negated. During your

opponent's turn, the effects of the

face-up card in your Field Zone are

& 2/0/0
ica o(F2 —
— oz”

—<—


Frame 2986: yser zis «| ae

GR 22

Frame 2987: <a ||

@4 9 ®1o0 soo
(Spolleastor/Eftacti= |

Wf you control another "Exosister'*
monster You can draw 1 card, than
if you contrat "exo iste: ane", you
gain BOO LP.

i] your opponent moves a capdis) .

out of either GY (except during the” gy Haro 4
Damage Step): You can Speciaj
Summon from yaur Extra Deck; | Can Dismantie 1 Ev sey)
“Exosister” Xyz Monster using this (ae

face-Up card you entre) as \=
material. (This is teateo as an Xy2
Summan

Yau can only use each offect OF


Frame 2988: Exosister Sophia |

e419 @100 @e00

[SpelicasterENect)
Hf you control another "Exosister’
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
if you control "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

WW your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
“Exasister” Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you control as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

You can only use each effect of


Frame 2989: i) 591

ze dese th 22

Exosister Sophia Ds , =

e414 2 100 ®s00

{Spellcaster/Ettect)
If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
if you control "Exosister Irene". you
gain 800 LP

IF your opponent moves a card(s)

out of either GY (except during the gy 7/010

Damage Step): You can Special

Ai ttow to obtain

elated Cards

dlls

Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 (Can Dilamssitie

“Exosister" Xyz Monster using this

face-up card you control as & Dismantie @ +10
material. (This is treated as an Xyz

Summon.)

4
|

at Generate =

You can only use each effect of


Frame 2990: a) sot

(y2ts se i 22

Exosister Sophia as

a. 9 ®1m soo
{Spollcaster/eticet] a
If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
if you control "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

IF your opponent moves a card(s)

out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
"Exasister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you control as

material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

‘ou can only use each effect of

 Dismantle §=—-@P +10

"Generate «= GP -30


Frame 2991: a) sot

(y2ts se 22

BrosterSophla CA)
a4 9 ®100 #500

{Spolleaster/efeet]_ NN

If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
if you control "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

IF your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
"Exasister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you control as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

‘ou can only use each effect of

& isoio
Can Dismantie a )
 Dismantle §=—@P +10

"Generate §=— $30


Frame 2992: ay sot

(y2te se 22

BrossterSophla CA)
a4 9 ®100 #500

{Spolleaster/efeet]_ NN

If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
if you control "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

IF your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
"Exasister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you control as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

‘ou can only use each effect of

& ioio
Can Dismantie a )
 Dismantle =P +10

"Generate «= $30


Frame 2993: a) sot

ee: eC

BeosisterSophle CA)
a4 9 ®100 #500

{Spolleaster/eHfeet]__ NN

If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
If you control "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

IF your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
"Exasister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you control as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

‘ou can only use each effect of

& isoio
Can Dismantie a )
 Dismantie §=—-@P +10

"Generate «= $ -30


Frame 2994: a) sot

(zis se ih 22

BrosisterSophla CA)
a4 9 ®100 #500

{Spelleaster/eHfcet]_ NN

If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
If you control "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

IF your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
"Exasister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you control as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

‘ou can only use each effect of

& ioso
Can Dismantie e! )
 Dismantle §=—-@P +10

"Generate §=—  -30


Frame 2995: a) sot

(y2ts se | ih 22

or a=
a4 9 ®100 #s00

{Spelleaster/efeet_ NN |

If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
If you contro! "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

If your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
"Exasister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you contro! as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

‘ou can only use each effect of

1
Can Dismantle a )


Frame 2996: ay 501

ee: eC

Exosister Sophia |

g4 9 ®1on #800

(Spellcaster/etect)
If you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
If you contro! "Exosister Irene", you
gain 800 LP.

If your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
"Exasister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you contro! as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)

‘ou can only use each effect of

-&  Dismantie +10


Frame 2997: Exosister Sophia _

@4 @ @®100 e000

[Spellcaster/Effect]
IF you control another "Exosister”
monster: You can draw 1 card, then
jf you control "Exosister Irene", you
ain 800 LP
f your opponent moves a card(s)
out of either GY (except during the
Damage Step): You can Special
Summon from your Extra Deck, 1
“Exosister" Xyz Monster using this
face-up card you control as
material. (This is treated as an Xyz
Summon.)
You can only use each effect of


Frame 2998: yser zis «| ae

GR 22

Frame 2999: ser zis | ase

GR 22

Frame 3000: Dictator of D.
a4 9 $1200 ©1100

ISpelleaster/ettect]
While you contral a “Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose the attack
targets for your opponent's attacks.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Dictator of D.”
‘once per turn.

You can send 1 "Blue-Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand

You can discard 1 "Biue—Eyes
White Dragon", or 1 card that
mentions it, then target 1 "Blue—

& Foro
1

Can Diamante 0 (EY

{ Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3001: 591

2s ese | G22
|
a4 2 1200 ©1100

{SpolleasterEteet) NN

While you control a "Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose the attack
largets for your opponent's attacks.
You can only use each of the
following effects of “Dictator of D."
once per turn

You can send 1 "Blue-Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can discard 1 "Blue-Eyes
White Dragon", or 1 card that
mentions it, then target 1 "Blue—


Frame 3002: iy set

as ese | G22

—— a eee
a4 2 1200 1100
{Spelicaster/Evect]

While you control a "Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose the atlack
targets for your opponent's attacks,
You can only use each of the
following effects of “Dictator of D.*
once per turn.

You can send 1 "Blue—Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can discard 1 "Blue—Eyes:
White Dragon”, or | card that
mentions it, then target 1 "Blue—

(Bo 1

not Dismanti

& jvo1o

CanDismantle 0


Frame 3003: iy set

2s ese | i 22

peat oD an) a»
a4 2 @1200 1100
Spelicaster/Evect]

While you control a "Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose the attack
targets for your opponent's attacks,
You can only use each of the
following effects of “Dictator of D.*
once per turn.

You can send 1 "Blue—Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can discard 1 "Blue—Eyes:
White Dragon”, or | card that
mentions it, then target 1 "Blue—

& jvo1o
CanDismantia 0 (ES - ]

not Dismanti


Frame 3004: iy se1

2s se ip 22

or | a=
a4 9 ®i200 ®1100

{Spollcaster/tfect]_ NNN

While you control a "Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose the attack
targets for your opponent's attacks,
You can only use each of the
following effects of “Dictator of D."
once per turn.

You can send 1 "Blue—Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can discard 1 "Blue—Eyes:
White Dragon”, or | card that
mentions it, then target 1 "Blue—

not Dismanti


Frame 3005: iy set

2s ese | G22
Dictator of D oe ==
Ba @1200 #1100 Cm )

{Spelicaster/Enect]

While you control a "Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose the attack
targets for your opponent's attacks,
You can only use each of the
following effects of “Dictator of D.”
once per turn.

You can send 1 "Blue—Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can discard 1 "Blue—Fyes:
White Dragon”, or | card that
mentions it, then target 1 "Blue—

not Dismanti

Wt Generate =


Frame 3006: iy set

as ese G22

Dictator of D. oe)

a4 9 @1200 61100

[Spellcaster/Etfect] = |
While you control a "Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose the attack
targets for your opponent's attacks,
You can only use each of the
following effects of “Dictator of D.”
once per turn.

You can send 1 "Blue—Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand.

You can discard 1 "Blue—Eyes
White Dragon”, or | card that
mentions it, then target 1 "Blue—

aca)
=


Frame 3007: Dictator of D
a4 @1200 1100

{Spelcaster/ettecti____ NNN
While you control a "Blue-Eyes”
monster, you choose Une attack
targets for your opponent's attacks.
ou can only use each of the
Nlowing effects of "Dictator of D."
once per turn
You can send 1 "Blue—Eyes White
Dragon" from your hand or Deck to
the GY; Special Summon this card
from your hand.
You can discard 1 “Blue-Eyes
White Dragon", or 1 card that
mentions It, then target 1 "Blue—

(ee =)

joo

CanDismantle 0

oe |


Frame 3008: ijser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 3009: @4 6 720
{Aqua/Ettect)

You can large! 1 WATER monster in

your GY, apply 1 of these effects,
= = aisoyyou carne! Special Surmart
monsters for the fest of this turn,
<q \| except WATER! monsters.
(Only it the target has a Level)
unlil the End Phase, this card's
Level, alsollts name, Become the
| same as that monster's.
@(Oniy Um)" Is on the teldjy
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

Cora il Ka

Biot nan |

P si Ca Raines cara)

[= »>
Si ee oe ‘)

c= Dismantle = @P+10 i]

an Geneva «= 30 |
You'ean banish this card fram your - ==

Frame 3010: (akin ota

@1& @700 ®2000

(aquvettect|
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY, apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters,

‘@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's

Level, also its name, become the
‘same as that monster's.

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),

Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

(airow to tan

car

& 10/0 (eo 7 )

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 3011: iy 501

as ese G22

Yorishiro of the Aqua 8

aw 700 @zn00

tAqua/ettect] Es
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

‘@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's.

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

-

& ivoio

Can Dismantie

“}  Dismantile

C7

Generate


Frame 3012: iy set

2s ese | G22

a@a4e @700 #2000

(aquavetteet]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

(@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's.

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

=n)
1

Can Dismantle


Frame 3013: iy set

2s ese G22

a@4e @700 ®2000

(aquavetteet]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

‘@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's.

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

— a
a

(eo }
+10
Hl Generate «= -30

& isoio

Can Dismantle

-%  Dismantie


Frame 3014: iy set

2s ese | G22

ga@4e @700 ®2000

(aquavetteet]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

‘@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's.

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

1
c=”)

& isoio

Can Dismantie


Frame 3015: iy set

2s ese | G22

ga@4e @700 ®2000

(aquavettect]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's.

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

(AA How 0 obtain

1
=)

& isoio

Can Dismantle


Frame 3016: iy set

2s ese | G22

ga@a4e ®700 ®2000

(aquavettect]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's.

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

(A How 0 ovtan

1
=

& isoso

Can Dismantie


Frame 3017: ijsor eis se 22

ga e ®700 ®2000

(aquavettect]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

‘@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

—t

& iso

Can Dismantle

-1

4% Dismantie = +10

i Generate

® -30


Frame 3018: @ijsor «eis se) 22

aoe ®700 ®2000

(aquavettect]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

‘@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

—th

& iso

Can Dismantle

-1

 Dismantle §=—-@P +10

tl Generate

® -30


Frame 3019: ijsor eis se) 22

aoe ®700 #2000

(aquavettect]
You can target 1 WATER monster in
your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
also you cannot Special Summon
monsters for the rest of this turn,
except WATER monsters.

@(Only if the target has a Level)
until the End Phase, this card's
Level, also its name, become the
same as that monster's

@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),
Special Summon that monster in
Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

—t

& iso

Can Dismantle

-®  Dismantie

‘i Generate

-1

+10
® -30


Frame 3020: aa u ®700 $2000

(quvettet!

You can target 1 WATER monster in

your GY; apply 1 of these effects,
iso you Cannot Special Summon

monstars for the rest of this tum,
cept WATER monsters.

(Only if the target has a Level)

until the End Phase. this card's

Level, also |ts name, become the

same as that monster's

‘@(Only if "Umi" is on the field),

Special Summon that monster in

Defense Position.

You can banish this card from your

(dil How t2 obtain
& j/0/0
= = Cz

° & 20

Generate


Frame 3021: ijser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3022: Arianna the Labryrth Sgerent |

wa d1s00 2100
(Flere teed) a 4 i

WW this card js Nowmal or Spectal + 1
Summonec: You can add 1

z eq) “Lainynthcard rompyou Deck to“ pay RS Enya
your hand, exept "Aifanna the ——
| Labrynth Servant” ov [es 42

| Wnother mensterts) leaves the &  — ——"
field By your Normal Wrap etfect 23. daasinas ol EY
(except dufing Ihe Damage Step) eee Ohmeane et
You can draw | card. then yeusen iim, ee
apply This ettéct Az Olsmantis +10
@From your Nanck either Specie!

Summan | Fiend monster, or Set | 7% )
Spelliraa (CF Sven =a

Frame 3023: ea @1300 ©2100

[Flend/ettect!
It this card is Normal or Special
Summoned, You can add 1
“Labrynth" card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Arianna the
Labrynth Servant".

It another monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap effect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect

@From your hand, either Special
Summan 1 Fiend monster, ar Set 1
Spell/Trap.

Ca)

& toro

ConGlamantia 4 (ES ~1

B10
® -20

4 Dismantie

1 Generale


Frame 3024: @iyso1 zie §«<@se)| G 22

Arianna the Labrynth Servant
as @isno @z100

(Flong/ettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
"Labrynth" card from your Deck to
your hand, except “Arianna the
Labrynth Servant",

If anather monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap effect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend manster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap

1

Can Dismantle

4 Dismantle

@ +10


Frame 3025: iy set

as ese G22

Fianna fa pol Seren

@4 ¥ @ 1600 $2100

WFieng/ettect]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Labrynth” card from your Deck to
your hand, except “Arianna the
Labrynth Servant”,

\Fanother monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap etfect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap.

C A)
(al How to ontan

1
BO +
& isso

& @ 10

Dismantie


Frame 3026: iy set

as ese | i 22

Farm fa Lo SE

ea y ®1 600 @2100

WFieng/ettect]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Labrynth” card from your Deck to
your hand, except “Arianna the
Labrynth Servant”,

I another monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap etfect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap.

Cm)

& @ 10

Dismantie


Frame 3027: iy set

as ese G22

Firm fa Lo

ea yy ®1s00 ®2100

WFieng/ettect]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Labrynth” card from your Deck to
your hand, except “Arianna the
Labrynth Servant”,

\another monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap etfect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap.

Cm)

& @ v0

Dismantie


Frame 3028: iy set

as ese 22

Form a ba

a4 @®1s00 ®2100

(Fiend/éttect]_
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Labrynth" card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Arianna the
Labrynth Servant",

\f another monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap effect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap.

r = a
==
:


Frame 3029: iy set

as ese G22

Farm a ba So

aay ®is00 $2100

(Fiend/éttect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Labrynth" card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Arianna the
Labrynth Servant",

If another monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap effect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap.

F

|

1
& joio
|
CanDismantle 1 }
4 Dismantle = +10

a


Frame 3030: iy set

as ese G22

Farm is ba

aa ®is00 $2100

(Fiend/éttect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Labrynth" card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Arianna the
Labrynth Servant",

If another monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap effect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap.

P

|

1
& joi0
|
CanDismantle 1 }
4 Dismantle §=—-@ +10

3


Frame 3031: iy set

as ese | G22

Farm fs ba

Lr ®iso00 2100

(Fieng/ettect]

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Labrynth” card from your Deck to
your hand, except "Arianna the
Labrynth Servant",

If another monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal Trap effect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect.

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spell/Trap.

P

1
& joo
|
CanDismantle 1 )
4S dismantle = +10

3


Frame 3032: eT |

eae @1e00 2100

(enseteety

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
“Labrynth" card from your Deck to

‘our hand, except "Arianna the
brynth Servant”.

\F ancther monster(s) leaves the
field by your Normal ‘Trap effect
(except during the Damage Step):
You can draw 1 card, then you can
apply this effect,

@From your hand, either Special
Summon 1 Fiend monster, or Set 1
Spall/Trap.

CA)
——


Frame 3033: ijser eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 3034: ijser  epeis | se

GR 22

Frame 3035: |

eae 1500 ©1500

(Faience
Hf your opponent contrdis @

monster You can discard this card,
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
trom the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem=Knight"
monsters.

It this card is used as material fora
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY
cor banished: You can add 1 “Gem—
Knight" monster from your GY to
your hand, exceot "Gem—Knight

Diszete!

& iiaio

Can Dismantie 1 Ey St
AF Dismantle +10
WP Generate -@P -30


Frame 3036: 591

2s ese | G22

noes ES eee
a4 8 ©1500 ©1500 J
(ratryetecil |
If your opponent contrals a

mansier; You can discard this card;
Set 1 “Fusion” Continuous Spell

directly from your Deck, also you

cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of Taio

this turn, except "Gem-Knight" sit} (j zi )
monsters. Can Dismantie

If this card is used as material for a
Fusion Summan, and sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem—
Knight" monster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem-Knight

Disartt

Generate > -30


Frame 3037: iy set

as ese i 22

a4 8 ®1s00 1500

(Fatry/ettect]
IF your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material fora
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem
Knight" manster from your GY to
your hand, except “Gem—Knight

Denes

C A)
<_-)

1
& ivaio
Can Diamante 4 (ET -!
“4% Dismantie = @P +10
‘Gl Generate §=— 30


Frame 3038: iy set

as ese i 22

Gemn—Knight Quartz
a. 8
(Fatry/Ettect]_

IF your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Dack, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material fora
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem
Knight" manster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem—Knight

Duarte

-%  Dismantie

‘Gl Generate


Frame 3039: iy set

as ese | 22

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1500

(Fatry/ettect]
IF your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material fora
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem-
Knight" manster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem—Knight

Duarte

a»
i

“%  Dismantie §=—-@P +10

1 cme &


Frame 3040: iy set

as ese | G22

Gem-Knight Quartz 8

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1500

(Faty/etect!___
IF your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material for a
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY.
or banished: You can add 1 “Gem—
Knight" monster from your GY to.
your hand, except "Gem-Knight

Desarts'

- a |

Can Dismantle

® +10

4 Dismanile

"Bl Generate © -30


Frame 3041: iy set

2s ese | G22

Gem-Knight Quartz a]

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1500

(Fairy/Etfeet! as
If your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material for a
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem—
Knight" monster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem-Knight

Deiarts

= la»
& iaso

Can Dismantle a )
“8 Dismantle = +10

“

Generate = -30


Frame 3042: iy set

2s ese i 22

Gem-Knight Quartz a]

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1500

(Fairy/Etfect]___
If your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters:
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material for a
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY.
or banished: You can add 1 “Gem—
Knight" monster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem-Knight

Deiarts

= la»
& iaso

Can Dismantle a )
“8 Dismantie = +10

“

Generate GB -30


Frame 3043: iy set

as ese | G22

Gem-Knight Quartz 8]

a4 8 ®1s00 ®1500
(Fairy/Etfect] SS

If your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Dack, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material for a
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem-
Knight" monster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem-Knight

Deiarts

I,

Can Dismantle
“8 Dismantie = +10

‘Generate = -30


Frame 3044: ijser eis se ae

<i of 3

a4 8 ®1so0 61500

(Fairy/ettect]___
If your opponent controls a

monster; You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you 1
cannot Special Summon monsters

from the Extra Deck for the rest of jroo
this turn, except "Gem-Knight” i)
monsters. Can Dismantle

If this card is used as material for a

Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY {8r Dismantle +10
or banished: You can add 1 “Gem—
Knight" monster from your GY to i
your hand, except "Gem-Knight iis

Driarts

Generate  -30


Frame 3045: iy set

as ese | G22

Gem-Knight Quartz 2]

a4 8 ®1so0 61500
(Fairy/Effect] i —~ |

If your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
directly from your Deck, also you
cannot Special Summon monsters
from the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem-Knight"
monsters.

If this card is used as material for a
Fusion Summon, and sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem-
Knight" monster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem-Knight

Driarts

\

& jroo

Can Dismantle

‘ Dismantle = +10

tel Generate $F -30


Frame 3046: Gem—Knight Quartz ms

@1so0 61500

(Fairy/Eftect]_
If your opponent controls a
monster: You can discard this card;
Set 1 "Fusion" Continuous Spell
rectly from your Deck, also you
re Special Summon monsters
rom the Extra Deck for the rest of
this turn, except "Gem=Knight"
monsters.
IF this card is used as material for a
Fusion Summon, andl sent to the GY
or banished: You can add 1 "Gem-
Knight” monster from your GY to
your hand, except "Gem-Knight

Aisorksl

jvo/o
Can Dismantle a

conbiemmie 4 (ET

&

#10

®

Generate

‘4 Dismantic


Frame 3047: jeer eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 3048: ¥ Adunnoedl Cryntal Hlens| Saprhl
ee i
iBeaayEnsetl - == |

fi “Acwanged Dark" Is not inva Field
Zone send this morster to je GY. .
I thisterd Me -Sunmened. You cay)
place | of your "Advariced) Crystal i
| Beast” monsters that'ls banisined, 6
| ityatir hand, Deck, o GY, faee-u9 gy

PB frap Zone as a a ‘ y
Seteree Tt

Continuous Spell
{i Ins cep card 1 desteqyedt tn
al Monster Zane you can place it (ez Dicmanie Geld — |

tace—up. fy your Spell & Trap Zane
ead of ea)

as a Continuous Spell, In
sanding itu the GY


Frame 3049: oa 1800 ©1200

Weasvenect]
If "Advanced Dark" is not in a Field
Zone, send this monster to the GY,
Il this card is Summened: You car
place 1 of your "Advanced Crystal
Beast" monsters that is banished, or
in your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up
in your Spell & Trap Zone as a
Continuous Spell,

It this face-up card is destroyed in
@ Monster Zane you can place it
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone
as a Continuous Spell, instead of
sending it to the GY

& iaio

Can Dismantie 1

A Dismantie

®v0


Frame 3050: iy 501

2s ese | i 22

Avonced sal east Sapp Paya

a4 8 ®1e00 ©1200

(Boasvettect]
If "Advanced Dark" |s not in a Field
Zone, send this monster to the GY.

If this card is Summoned: You can
place 1 of your "Advariced Crystal
Beast" monsters that is banished, or
in your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up
in your Spell & Trap Zone as a
Continuous Spell.

If this face-up card is destroyed in
a Monster Zone, you can place it
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone
as a Continuous Spell, Instead of
sending it to the GY.

=a:
(Alto io onan
1
—_ B+
= = = Cae


Frame 3051: iy set

as ese | G22

Mona op
e4 8 ®1800 ©1200
[Boast/Ettect]

If "Advanced Dark" |s not in a Field
Zone, send this monster to the GY.

If this card is Summoned; You can

place 1 of your "Advanced Crystal 1

Beast” manstats that te banished, or
in your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up

Spell & T 2 lta
jn your Spel ray ‘one asa =
your Spell & Trap Caz

Continuous Spell, a
If this face-up card is destroyed in
 Dismantie = @P +10

a Monster Zone, you can place it
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone

as a Continuous Spell, instead of 1

sending it to the GY. Mf Generate


Frame 3052: iy se1

as ese G22

davai i Pa

e438 @1s00 1200
(easvettect)
If "Advanced Dark" |s not in a Field
Zone, send this monster to the GY,

If this card is Summoned: You can
place 1 of your "Advanced Crystal
Beast" monsters that is banished, or
in your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up

in your Spell & Trap Zone as a
Continuous Spell.

If this face-up card is destroyed in

a Monster Zone, you can place it
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone

as a Continuous Spell, instead of
sending it to the GY.

| ( D

1
& iio

Can Dismantle 1 | ©

i

-%  Dismantie

@ +10
Mf Generate


Frame 3053: iy se1

2s ese | 22

davai Pa

e43 @1s00 1200
(easvettect)
If "Advanced Dark" [s not in a Field
Zone, send this monster to the GY.

If this card is Summoned: You can
place 1 of your "Advanced Crystal
Beast" monsters that is banished, or
in your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up

in your Spell & Trap Zone as a
Continuous Spell.

If this face-up card is destroyed in

a Monster Zone, you can place it
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone

as a Continuous Spell, instead of
sending it to the GY.

| ( )

& iio

CanDismantle 1 |

ri

-%  Dismantie

@ +10
“Generate |


Frame 3054: iy set

as ese | G22

Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphive Pegasus

a4 8 ®1e00 61200

(easvettect)
If "Advanced Dark" |s not in a Field
Zone, send this monster to the GY.
If this card is Summoned; You can
place 1 of your "Advanced Crystal
Beast" monsters that is banished, or
in your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up
in your Spell & Trap Zone as a
Continuous Spell.

If this face-up card is destroyed in
a Monster Zone, you can place it
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone
as a Continuous Spell, instead of
sending it to the GY.

Ta
=

1
& ivoio

CanDismantle 1

ed

+10

"f! Generate © #9 -30

Dismantle


Frame 3055: z=

if “Advanced Dark" |s not in a Field

Zone, send this monster to the GY.
If this card is Summoned; You can
place 1 of your "Advanced Crystal 1
Beast” monsters that is banished, or (eo)
in your hand, Deck, or GY, face-up iso/o
in your Spell & Trap Zone as a oa =

ec i Can Dismantle ew if

Continuous Spell. caniammale =

If this face-up card is destroyed In
a Monster Zone, you can place It -  Dismantie RP +10
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone

as a Continuous Spell, instead of
sending it to the GY. ai ical


Frame 3056: Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphi
a8 @1e00 $1200

(Beasvetect]
If “Advanced Dark" is not in a Field
Zone, send this monster to the GY,
/f this card js Summoned: You can
piace 1 of your "Advanced Crystal
jeast” monsters that is banished, or
in your hand) Deck, of GY, face-up
in your Spell & Trap Zone as a
Continuous Spell.
{f this face-up card is destroyed in
a Monster Zone, yau can place it
face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone

__| as a Continuous Spell, instead of

sending it to the GY.

CA)

Ls]

+1

v


Frame 3057: ijser eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 3058: 4 §e 1300 wo
{Wiraed Besst/Timer iter!
You can send this car fron your
trad or (eld to (hee plage 1

7 z “Black Feather Whinwino® from your

<q Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap

W Zone | ( :
Ie "Blackwing" Syrictiro Mast=r(3) ge ii —— 3
‘ot “Biack-Winged Dragon" is ( 7 )
Shecial Summened to your tiaid, Gan Disminatie oO | 4
while (his card is in your G¥dexcet 8 9]
a "| duting the Damage Step): You can zi
banish this card (Hen target T a
“Blackwing* monster ip your GY; a]
add [Pte eur hand, then lke: 700 ica Generis aD


Frame 3059: Blackwing ~ Shamal the 5

e428 1200 ®o
Winged Beast/Tunor/enteet]
You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Dack face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone

Ita “Blackwing” Synchro Monster(s)
or "Black-Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step}: You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add |t to your hand, then take 700

pao

Cf )


Frame 3060: iso eyzie «Gas G22
Blackwing ~ Shamal the Sandsiorm Ei) =| kl)

1 ce “@16o0 $0

[Winged Beast/Tuner/Effeet) | (Al tow te optan

You can send this card from your

hand or field to the GY; place 1

"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your Blige! ce)
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap 1

Zone, ——

fa "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s) gs ino

or "Black—Winged Dragon" is (to 7
Special Summoned to your field, Senipiransais 05

while this card is in your GY (except

during the Damage Step): You can + Cannot Disma
banish this card, then target 1

"Blackwing" monster in your GY;

adi it to your hand, then take 700

iemeens


Frame 3061: iy se1

as ese G22

Blackwing - Shana a Saal)

a4 08 ©1800 ®o
(Winged Beagt/Tuner/éffect]

You can send this card from your
hand of field te the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

I a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon’ is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is In your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

Theses

1
& jo

‘Sin FAjaminaitis 6:


Frame 3062: iy se1

as ese | G22

Blackwing - Shana a Sasi]

a4 08 ®1en0 @o
(Winged Beagt/Tuner/Effect]

You can send this card from your
hand of field te the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ia "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon’ is
Special Summoned to yout field,
while this card is In your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

Theses

& jo

\Oiin FAimuipaitis 6:

m4

2 Cannot Dismantie


Frame 3063: iy set

as ese i 22

Blackwing - Shamal the Sandstorm A

ee vanes Ca)
LL

You can send this card from your
hand of field te the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

I a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon’ is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

roasts

& ino
oo

CanDismantle 0

=! Cannot Dismantie


Frame 3064: iy set

as ese i 22
Blackwing ~ Shamal the Sandstorm Ch)
e108 ®1e00 0

{Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect)

You can send this card from your
hand of field te the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ifa “Blackwing” Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

soccer

1
& jo
gq -1

CanDismantle 0

Es Cannot Dismantie


Frame 3065: iy set

2s se + 22
Blackwing Shamal the Sandstorm
a4 08 ~ @1e00 ®o
(Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect)

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

If a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

erecta

_ CE”
2-1

ae Cannot Dismanile

cy

Generale


Frame 3066: iy set

2s ese G22

Blackwing - Shamalthe Sandstorm El) :

a4 Of ®1e00 0 C A)
{Winged Beast/Tunei/EMScl NNN

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

If a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

Perttes

1
=
& ino
2-4

CanDismantle 0

eo Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3067: {Winged Beast/Tuner/effect] 00
You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

IF a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

SSEeRE


Frame 3068: tuctng Sana ee

e408 @1600 60
(Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect)

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
eck face-up in your Spell & Trap
ne,
if a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Oragon” is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step); You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

fone

& ino

ak ‘Cannot Dismantie


Frame 3069: @ijser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 3070: BR Blaclauing ~ Shamal the Saudatew) |e)
1 be 1300 ©
(Wingad Beast’Tuner/Etleet! =
You can send thisscard frome yout

hand uy field to Ihe-GY; place 1 ————
‘Black Feather Whirlwind” fram your‘ (rams cre)
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone (ma

F Wa “Blackwing” Synchro Monster(s) Vt
or "Biack=Winged Dragon” is (Ez 4 |
Shecial Summoned te your ffetd, (Ear Diamine

while this card is in your G¥dexcept @ =
during the Damage Step): You can Ae Dismantie = 416 ]
banish this carci then target 1 (Ae tiemante 18
“Blackwing? monster In your GY; a
add (tto yourhand then take: 700 er Generis 30
F mores


Frame 3071: You can send this card from your
hand oF field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Dack face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ita “Blackwing” Synchro Monster(s)
‘or "Black-Winged Dragon" is
‘Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add it to your hand, then take 700

seein

gl How to obtain
c=”

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 3072: iy se1

as ese G22
Blackwing Shamal the Sandatarm ff = *y
a4 68 ®1e00 0 =
(Winged Beaet/Tunar/eWee) "NN

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
“Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone,

Ifa "Blackwing" Synchro Menster(s)
or "Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): Yau can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add it to your hand, then take 700

one

Wi Related Cards

1
—— BO +

& iso

Can Dismantle
a
C7

Dismantle

Generate


Frame 3073: iy se1

as ese G22
Blackwing ~ Shamal the Sandstonm ap
a4 of ®1e0p @o

{Winged Beast/Tuner/etfect) NN

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ifa "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

ane ae

& siso
Can Dismantle “af )

AS Dismantle =P 415

ay 0

Generate


Frame 3074: iy set

2s ese | G22
Blackwing - Shamalthe Sandstorm an
a4 68 ®1s00 #0

(Winged Beast/Tuner/Etfect)

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ifa "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

aes aes

1

& tio

ConDismantie 1 (ES!
A Dismantle =P 415
"Bl Generate §=—  -30


Frame 3075: iy set

as ese i 22
Blackwing Shamal the Sandstorm C A )
e408 ®1e00 #0

{Winged Beast/Tuner/efteety NN

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ifa "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

Saas aes

1

& s/o

ConDismantie 1 (ES -!
A Dismantle =P +15
"Bl Generate §=—-  -30


Frame 3076: iy se1

ee: CR AE
Blackwing - Shamalthe Sandstonm (pA)
a4 of ®1s00 #0

(Winged Beast/Tuner/Etfect)

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ifa "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

Sane ae

1

& tivo

ConDismantie 1 (ES -!
AS Dismantle =P +15
"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3077: You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
"Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

Ifa "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add It to your hand, then take 700

ans aes

Can Dismantie

-%  Dismantie

cy

Generate


Frame 3078: iy se1

as ese | G22
Blackwing ~ Shamal the Sandsionm —) a?
a4 Of ®1s00 #0 Cm)
Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect) NN

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
“Black Feather Whirlwind” from your
Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap
Zone.

IF a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster(s)
or “Black—Winged Dragon" is
Special Summoned to your field,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" monster in your GY;
add it to your hand, then take 700

fae

1
& tivo
m1

Can Dismantie cial

“  Dismantie Rp +15

Gener:


Frame 3079: Blackwing ~ Shamal the Sandstorm

e108 @®1e00 0
(Winged BeastTune/eMteett

You can send this card from your
hand or field to the GY; place 1
“Black Feather Whirlwind" from your
jeck lace-up in your Spell & Trap
ne,

ita “Blackwing” Synchro Manster(s)
or "Black—Winged Dragon" Is
Special Summoned to your field
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
banish this card, then target 1
"Blackwing" manstar in your GY;
add i to your hand, then take 700

Sener

(Aion a obtain

&

iio

Bo +
covpimeni 1 (ES -1

ant}


Frame 3080: ijser pers | ae

GR 22

Frame 3081: @ijser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3082: Photon Jumper |

@. 0 eo @0
Wariovetetd

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You car activale
this effect; skip your next Battle
Phase, also Special Summon this
card from your hand, then end this
Battle Phase.

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can add 1 "Photon" of "Galaxy"
Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand

You can only use each effect of
“Photon Jumper" once per turn.

CA)

mnt Didmantie

Generate


Frame 3083: iy 501

2s se

Photon Jumper
@4 8 eo 60

(Warrlor/Etfect] ——

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can activate
this effect; skip your next Battle
Phase, also Special Summon this
card from your hand, then end this
Battle Phase.

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Photan Jumper" ance per turn.


Frame 3084: iy se1

as ese G22

Photon Jumper ee]

a4 8 eo ®o
(Warrlor/ettect!

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can activate
this effect; skip your next Battle
Phase, also Special Summon this
card from your hand, then end this
Battle Phase

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Photon Jumper" once per turn.

Ca)


Frame 3085: iy set

2s ese i 22

Photon Jumper eo

e4 8 eo #0
(Warror/etteet]

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can activate
this effect; skip your next Battle
Phase, also Special Summon this
card from your hand, then end this
Battle Phase

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Photon Jumper" once per turn.

1
& jsoio
CanDismantie 0 a )


Frame 3086: iy set

as ese | G22

a4 8 eo @o

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can activate (Carona wa)
IN effect sip yur nest Bali (Girwanacues)
Phase, also Special Summon this 1

card from your hang, then end this
Battle Phase a

I this card is sent to the GY: You “8 ( 4

can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" Con Dismmstin 6)" *

Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Photon Jumper" once per turn.


Frame 3087: iy se1

as se | G22

Photon Jumper ns

a4 8 eo 80
(Warrtorfettect]

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can activate
this effect; skip your next Battle
Phase, also Special Summon this
card from your hand, then end this
Battle Phase

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Photon Jumper" once per turn.

Ca)


Frame 3088: iy se1

as ese | i 22

Photon Jumper eee]

a4 8 er)
(Warrtorfettect]

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can activate
this effect; skip your next Battle
Phase, also Special Summon this
card from your hand, then end this
Battle Phase

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Photon Jumper" once per turn.

Ca)


Frame 3089: iy se1

as ese G22

Photon Jumper pe]

a4 8 eo ®o
(Warrlor/ettect]

When an opponent's monster
declares an attack: You can activate
this effect; skip your next Battle
Phase, also Special Summon this
card from your hand, then end this
Battle Phase

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"
Spell/Trap from your Deck to your
hand.

You can only use each effect of
"Photon Jumper" once per turn.

Ca)
1
oe )

i

CanDismantie 0 E! )

&

S

ca

‘Cannot Dismantle

Generate = -30


Frame 3090: Photon Jumper __

a4 8 eo $0

WaniovEtfeet]

When an opponent's monster

declares an attack: You can activate

this effect; skip your next Battle
jase, also Special Summon this
d from your hand, then end this

attle Phase,

If this card is sent to the GY: You

can add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy"

Spell/Trap from your Deck to your

hand.

You can only use each effect of

“Photon Jumper" ance per turn.

Ai Mow 0 obtain

L

Bo +t
ioi0
Can Dismantle 0

:

Bo

‘Cannot Dismantie

~ Generate -30


Frame 3091: @jser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 3092: 1. 8 ®1a09 © 1000 |
[iaoswin/sttect) —=—
if your opponent ontrols 2 37 moi
face—up mansiers, except WIND.
= monsters, lise monsters cannot ‘
ig target this care for attacks,
q | You can only use each of the.
{cllowin3 effects cf "Kaltontera®
once per turn, rt
During your Main Phase: You €an
| add 1 "Polymerization" from"your “he

Gan Diamante

Deck fo your hand Ay Dismantle gro |
WF this card Js banished: You can = rf
Special Summon it, then you cary | Generats = 30

add 1 "Polymerization" from your


Frame 3093: Kaitoptera
a4 8 ®1400 ©1000
{binosaurteet]

If your opponent controls 2 of more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
farget this card for attacks,

You can only use each of the
{allowing effects of "Kaitoptera"
‘once per turn

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 “Polymerization” from your
Deck to your hand.

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your

( (Mow to obtain

& iiovo
sisal

Can Dismantle 1 =
@ vo

A Dismantie


Frame 3094: 591

2s ese | G22
‘on a Co
aa e@ @1a00 ©1000 j C HR)

[Dinosaur/etfect] =3
If your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
target this card for attacks.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Kaitoptera”
once per turn

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your
Deck to your hand

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your

| (Avo io onan
WW Related Cards

B+
& jioi0
=
“4% Dismantie = @ +10


Frame 3095: iy set

as ese G22
a =a
ese 1400 1900 =

(Dinosaur/enect]
IF your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
target this card for attacks.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kaitoptera"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your
Deck to your hand

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your


Frame 3096: iy set

as ese | i 22

Kaitoptera |

a4.@ ®1400 $1000

(Dinosaur/enect! —e
IF your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
target this card for attacks.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kaitoptera"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 “Polymerization” from your
Deck to your hand

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your


Frame 3097: iy set

as ese | G22

Kaitoptera a.

a4.@ ®1400 $1000

(Dinosaur/enect]
IF your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
target this card for attacks.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kaitoptera"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your
Deck to your hand

if this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your


Frame 3098: iy set

as ese G22
ee —
ese 1400 $1900 Cf)

(Dinosaur/enect]
IF your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
target this card for attacks.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kaitoptera"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your
Deck to your hand

if this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your

& jso1o

Can Dismantle

-%  Dismantie

@ 10

"Hl Generate = @ -30


Frame 3099: iy set

as ese G22
ee —
ese 1400 81900 ==

(Dinosaur/enect]
IF your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
target this card for attacks.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kaitoptera"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your
Deck to your hand

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization" from your

j & jo


Frame 3100: iy 501

2s ese | G22
aoe ®1400 $1000

(Dinosaur/enect]
IF your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND
monsters, those monsters cannot
target this card for attacks.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Kaitoptera"
once per turn.

During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 “Polymerization” from your
Deck to your hand

If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add 1 "Polymerization from your


Frame 3101: a |

a.6 @1ap0 $1900
(Dincsau/Enect]

IF your opponent controls 2 or more
face-up monsters, except WIND

onsters, those monsters cannot
qo this card for attacks.

ou can only use each of the

following effects of "Kaitoptera”
once per turn
During your Main Phase: You can
add 1 “Polymerization” from your
Deck to your hand
If this card is banished: You can
Special Summon it, then you can
add | "Polymerization" from your


Frame 3102: @ijser eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 3103: Wattuna
eo. 4 ®ean ®700

(Thunder TunovEtten)

This card ean attack direcily- | 4
You can only use each of the
(ollewin qreffects of "Waltuna’ once
per turn.

Aisthe end of the Damage Stepril
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card tram your hand
When this care inilicts battle
damage to your opponent bye
direct attack; Yourcan Tribute this
card on the figid andi} or mors:
fncn—Tunermanstars from yaur


Frame 3104: e198 @s00 700
IThunder/TunereNect]

This card can attack directly.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wattuna" once
per turn,

At the end of the Damage Step, if
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card on the field and 1 of more
non—Tuner monsters from your

CA)

& taro
Canismantie 1 (EY 1
MF Dismantle «= @ +10


Frame 3105: iy 501

as ese G22

es ¥® @e00 700

[Thunder/TunevEftea)
This card can attack directly.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wattuna" once
per turn,

At the end of the Damage Step, if
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card on the field and 1 or more
non-Tuner monsters from your


Frame 3106: iy 501

your monster inflicts battle damage

as ese i 22
| a»
a4 2 ann #700

{Ti 7FEER
This card can attack directly.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Watluna" once

per turn, 1

Al the end ofthe Damage Sep, 1 (m4 )

a =f

to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand,
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card on the field and 1 or more
non—Tuner monsters ftom your

& ivoso

Can Dismantie

ze
@ +10

Generale -30

-%  Dismantle

cy


Frame 3107: iy 501

as ese G22

a4 ee @a00 #700

(Thunder/Tuner/ettect]
This card can attack directly,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Watluna" once
per turn,

Al the end of the Damage Step, if
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card on the field and 1 or more
non—Tuner monsters ftom your

:
& ivoso

Can Dismantie

ze

"a Generale =P -30

How to Obtain
Q o-1


Frame 3108: iy 501

as ese i 22

a4 ee @®s00 ®700

(Thunder/Tuner/ettect]
This card can attack directly,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Watluna" once
per turn,

Al the end of the Damage Step, if
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card on the field and 1 or more
non—Tuner monsters ftom your

:
& ivoso

Can Dismantle

ze

"a Generale © -30

How to Obtain
Q -1


Frame 3109: iy 501

2s ese | G22
a. ee eon (_ A)
(Thunder/Tuner/ettect] Al How t0 obtain

This card can attack directly,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Watluna" once
per turn,

Al the end of the Damage Step, if
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card on the field and 1 or more
non—Tuner monsters from your

Q -1

1
& ivoso
CanDismantie 1 (ES )

“ty Dismantle «=P +10

7 =

Generate @ -30


Frame 3110: iy 501

as ese G22
a1 ee @eno #700 C A)
(Thunder/Tuner/ettect) | Al How to obtain

This card can attack directly,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Watluna" once
per turn,

Al the end of the Damage Step, if
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand.
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card on the field and 1 or more
non—Tuner monsters from your

1
& ivoso
Can Dismantle Bo }

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3111: @ijser pets se ae
Wattuna ee OFF

aa ee @e00 700
(Thunder/Tuner/EHeet]__
This card can attack directly.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Wattuna" once
per turn,

Al the end of the Damage Step, if

your monster inflicts battle damage  & ivoio

to your opponent: You can Special

aM How to obtain

Eile

Summon this card from your hand.  “2"Dismantle_1

When this card inflicts battle

damage to your opponent by a F Dismantle +10
direct attack: You can Tribute this

card on the field and 1 or more Generate @) -30

non-Tuner monsters from your


Frame 3112: This card can attack directly.
You can only use each of the

ein effects of "Wattuna" once
er tun
the end of the Damage Step, iF
your monster inflicts battle damage
to your opponent: You can Special
Summon this card from your hand
When this card inflicts battle
damage to your opponent by a
direct attack: You can Tribute this
card an the field and 1 or more
non—Tuner monsters trom your

Wattuna _é
ea we @eco $700
(Thunder/Tuner/entect]

a
& i)

= Ga

4


Frame 3113: ijser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3114: Shining Siar Dragan

oe. ce
[Dragoq/Turur/ ESCH
During yeur opponent's Ma

Plrase, if this card is th your hand
(Quick Effecti: Yourcan target T
Dragon Synchro Monster in your
GY} Special Surymanithis card, and

I) you do, Special Summon that & se

monste; but negate Its effects, then

immediately after this eflect Baotiinamie (EF ;

resplves, yall can Synchro Suimmor » ws

| Dragon Syachre Monster using Z

this cara you entra) r ea et)
You can only usd this etfect-of, = =

“Shining Star Dragan® once per { PL Generaid” a0)


Frame 3115: Shining Star Dragon —_ ee

ce eo €0

[Dragon Tunev/enecd
During your opponent's Main
Phase, if this card is in your hand
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
Dragon Synchro Monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, and
if you do, Special Summon that
monster but negate its effects, then
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Synchro Summon
1 Dragon Synchro Monster using
this card you control

You can only use this effect of
“Shining Star Dragon” ance per

—_ Gal ED)

& toro

CaoGismentia 1 (ET 1 5}


Frame 3116: iyse1 eyzie «Gas G22
Shining Star Dragon =
|

e1c® eo 60 |

[Dragon/Tuner/Eteet]

During your opponent's Main
Phase, if this card is in your hand
(Quick Effect): You can target 1

Dragon Synchro Monster in your 1

GY; Special Summon this card, and
If you do, Special Summon that Hon
monster but negate |ts effects, then << ___ #48

(Al ttow to obtain

Gillis

[ae

immediately atter this effect Can Dismantle
resolves, you can Synchro Summon
| 1 Dragon Synchro Monster using
this card you control Ay Dismantie +10
You can only use this effect of
“Shining Star Dragon” once per Mit Generate @ -30


Frame 3117: iy 501

as ese i 22

Shining Star Dragan 8 — a
a4 a8 oo 60

{ragon/Tiner/EHEEET nnn |
During your opponent's Main

Phase, if this card is in your hand 7

(Quick Effect): You can target 1

Dragon Synchro Monster in your 1

GY; Special Summon this card, and
if you do, Special Summon that jroo

monster but negate its effects, then iy at
immediately atter this effect Can Dismantie La

resolves, you can Synchro Summon

1 Dragon Synchro Monster using  Dismantle +10

this card you control.
You can only use this effect of
"Shining Star Dragon" once per

‘al Generale «= -30


Frame 3118: iy 501

as ese G22

Shining Star Dragon = 3] —= a?
a1 o8 eo 0

{Dragon/iner (EH |
During your opponent's Main

Phase, if this card is in your hand i:

(Quick Effect): You can target 1

Dragon Synchro Monster in your 1

if you do, Special Summon that iva

monster but negate its effects, then 21/00. yt
immediately after this effect Can Dismantia &

resolves, you can Synchro Summan

1 Dragon Synchro Monster using Sp Dismantle G40

this card you control.
You can only use this effect of
"Shining Star Dragon" once per

“Bl Generale «= -30


Frame 3119: iy 501

as ese G22

Shining Star Dragan

During your opponent's Main
Phase, if this card is in your hand
(Quick Effect): You can target 1
Dragon Synchro Monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, and
if you do, Special Summon that
monster but negate its effects, then
immediately atter this effect
resolves, you can Synchro Summon
1 Dragon Synchro Monster using
this card you control.

You can only use this effect of
"Shining Star Dragon" once per

{Ml How to obtain

|
—— ih

a

1
& isso

Can Dismantie

moo

+10

‘Bt Generale «= -30

-%  Dismantie


Frame 3120: iy 501

R218 GR 22

se

Shining Star Dragan

During your opponent's Main
Phase, if this card is in your hand
(Quick Effect); You can target 1
Dragon Synchro Monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, and
if you do, Special Summon that
monster but negate its effects, then
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Synchro Summon
1 Dragon Synchro Monster using
this card you control.

You can only use this effect of
"Shining Star Dragon" once per

=
ic

a

1

Can Dismantle

]

4 Dismantle §=—-@P +10


Frame 3121: iy 501

as ese | G22

During your opponent's Main
Phase, if this card is in your hand
(Quick Effect); You can target 1
Dragon Synchro Monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, and
if you do, Special Summon that
monster but negate its effects, then
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Synchro Summon
1 Dragon Synchro Monster using
this card you control.

You can only use this effect of
"Shining Star Dragon" once per

ic
\@)

a jor
wo

Can Dismantle
+10

:

-%  Dismantie


Frame 3122: iy se1

as ese G22

LL —— an
a4 8 = oo D | =
{ragon/Tuner/EHGEH nnn |

During your opponent's Main
Phase, if this card is in your hand
(Quick Effect); You can target 1
Dragon Synchro Monster in your
GY; Special Summon this card, and
if you do, Special Summon that
monster but negate its effects, then
immediately after this effect
resolves, you can Synchro Summon
1 Dragon Synchro Monster using
this card you control.

You can only use this effect of
"Shining Star Dragon" once per

o
1
Can Dismantle we |
ge +10

"Generate «= GP -30

&

Dismantie


Frame 3123: iy se1

2s ese | i 22

{Dragon/Tuner/Etfeet]
During your opponent's Main

Phase, if this card is in your hand

(Quick Effect); You can target 1

Dragon Synchro Monster in your IL
GY; Special Summon this card, and

if you do, Special Summon that Tino
monster but negate its effects, then = _—__1/0/0

immediately after this effect Can Dismantle Led
resolves, you can Synchra Summon
1 Dragon Synchro Monster using Be Dismantle +10

this card you control.

You can only use this effect of ;
"Shining Star Dragon" once per tft Generate -30


Frame 3124: (Dragon/Tuner/Eftect!

During your opponent's Main
Phase, if this card is in your hand
Quick Effect): You can target 1

ragan Synchro Monster in your

; Special Summan this card, and

f you do, Special Summon that
monster but negate its effects, then
immediately atter this effect
resolves, you can Synchro Summon
1 Dragon Synchro Menster using
this card you control.
You can only use this effect of
“Shining Star Dragon” once per

-
(Ai pew 0 btn

Can intl 2S.

Ay Dismantte = +10


Frame 3125: ser «pets | se

GR 22

Frame 3126: a i =o
a & ‘1900 @2ic0 rat
IMachineEtteci a] |

You can Sei this gard from your 4
hand 1 your Spell & Trap Zone, as
a Spei) |

You car) only use each of the
{ollowingreftects of "Toy Tank" ones
per burn

if this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone |s sentte the GY: You can
Special Summon this cand

You can Tribute this monster:
Special Summon ¥- Leyel 6 or lower
monster fram your hand, of, if you iF Generates @-30 |
control. ‘Toy Bax", you can Spaeial


Frame 3127: Toy Tank a |

e418 1000 ®2100

(Machine/Eftect|_
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Toy Tank” once
per turn

If this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this monster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster from your hand, or, if you
control "Toy Bax", you can Special

Fo] 3/010

Can Dismantle 2


Frame 3128: so

2s ese | i 22

a4 @ @1000 $2100

(Machine/Efect|_
You can Set this card from your

hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as

a Spell.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

IF this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this monster;

Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower =
monster from your hand, or, if you fl Generale
control "Toy Box", you can Special


Frame 3129: iy 501

2s ese | G22
a. @ ® 1000 2100 Cm)

(Machine/Effect] we |
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spel] & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

IF this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster from your hand, or, if you
contral "Toy Box", you can Special

& 3/010
CanDismantie 2 i] }

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3130: iy 501

as ese | i 22
a. @ ®1on0 2100 CA)

(Machine/Effect] ae
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

IF this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster from your hand, or, if you
contral "Toy Box", you can Special

& 3/010
CanDismantie 2 at )

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3131: iy 501

as ese | G22
a. @ ®1on0 2100 Cm)

(Machine/Effect}
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

If this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster fram your hand, or, if you
control "Toy Box", you can Special

(Bo 71
@ +10
Generate

& 3/010

CanDismantie 2

-®  Dismantle


Frame 3132: iy 591

ee: CR

(Machine/effect]
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

If this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster fram your hand, or, if you
control "Toy Box", you can Special

& 3/010
Can Dismantia 2 (ES -1 )


Frame 3133: iy 591

as ese | G22

(Machine/Effect]
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

If this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster fram your hand, or, if you
control "Toy Box", you can Special

& 3/010
CanDismantie 2 i) )

me |


Frame 3134: iy set

as ese | G22

(Machine/effect]
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

IF this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster from your hand, or, if you
control "Toy Box", you can Special

|

si

& 3/010
CanDismantie 2 }

& @ +10

"gt Generate «= -30

Dismantle


Frame 3135: iy 501

ee: SC

(Machine/effect]
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

If this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster fram your hand, or, if you
control "Toy Box", you can Special

& 2/010

CanDismantie 2

Dae


Frame 3136: iy set

as ese | G22

(Machine/effect]
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

If this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster fram your hand, or, if you
control "Toy Box", you can Special

i

Dae

& 2/010

Can Dismantie 2


Frame 3137: iy set

as ese | G22

(Machine/Eftect]
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as
a Spell,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Toy Tank" once
per turn.

IF this Set card in the Spell & Trap
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.

You can Tribute this monster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monster from your hand, or, if you
contral "Toy Box", you can Special

How to Obtain

|

& 3/010

CanDismantie 2

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3138: Toy Tank ; |

a4 6 @®1000 2100

(Machine/efteet)
You can Set this card from your
hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as

Spell.
& can only use each of the

Nlowing effects of "Toy Tank" once
per tum.
If this Set card in the Spell & Trap.
Zone is sent to the GY: You can
Special Summon this card.
You can Tribute this manster;
Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower
monstar fram your hand, or, if you
control "Tay Box", you can Special


Frame 3139: ser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3140: - aT | z

_ oe 7 1000 ®.1e0D
[PlantqTune/Etectl i
Wf this catd is Normal or Special |
Summoned You can discard 1
cardyadd | hesect emPiant Tuner

ss . from your Deck to your hand. ——)
4 except "Cyclos the-Circular Sprite") "> —— (B+ 7}
IV an Insect er Plant Synchro 2 <<

Manster(s) is Special Summoned.
while this card is In your GY (exceptes-fanDismantie 1
during the Damage Step): You ean |e

| Special Summon this ‘Gard, but

banish it when it leaves the field

You can only use each effect of

“Cyelos the Circular Sprito" ance


Frame 3141: Cyclos the Circular Sprite  @

e148 1000 ©1500

(PlanvTunev/eftect|
It this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can discard 1

card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Cyclos the Circular Sprite",
It an Insect or Plant Synchro
Monster(s} is Special Summoned,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card, but
hanish it when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of
"Cyclos the Circular Sprite" once

(A How to obtain

a Varo

Can Dismantle 1

& @ v0

® -30

Dismantie

Generate


Frame 3142: 501

as ese G22

So a =a:
a4 ae @1000

[Plant/Tuner/effeet] ——3
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can discard 1

card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner
from your Deck to your hand,

except "Cyclos the Circular Sprite", Bo +t
IF an Insect or Plant Synchro & jvoio
Monster(s) is Special Summoned, qo

while this card is in your GY (except CanDismantle 1 ——s

during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card, hut Az Dismantle +10
banish it when it leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of
"Cyclos the Circular Sprite" once

‘Generale ~=—@ -30


Frame 3143: iy 501

2s Ese | G22

Cyclos the Circular Spite
a4 ae es 10D #1800
(PlanvTuner/eftect!

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can discard 1
card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner
from your Deck to your hand,
except "Cyclos the Circular Sprite",
IF an Insect or Plant Synchro
Monster(s) is Special Summoned,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card, but
banish it when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of
"Cyclos the Circular Sprite" once

& imo . =>
Can Dismantle

“8 Dismantle

@® +10

Generate 4-30

ie


Frame 3144: iy 501

as ese | G22
Cyclos the Circular Sprite
a4 a8 ee 1800

(Plant/Tuner/effect!
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can discard 1
card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner
from your Deck to your hand,

except "Cyclos the Circular Sprite",
IF an Insect or Plant Synchro
Monster(s) is Special Summoned,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card, but
banish it when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of
"Cyclos the Circular Sprite" once

(me «1 )
& ino
Can Dismantie BY ]
“ Dismantle =P +10

Generate 4-30

ie


Frame 3145: iy 501

as ese | G22
Cyclos the Circular Sprite
a4 a8 om 1800

(PlantTuner/effect|
if this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can discard 1
card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner
from your Deck to your hand,

except "Cyclos the Circular Sprite".
IF an Insect or Plant Synchro
Monster(s) is Special Summoned,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card, but
banish it when it leaves the field
You can only use each effect of
"Cyclos the Circular Sprite" once

(me «1 )
& ino
Can Dismantie BY }
 Dismantie =P +10

Generate 4-30

ie


Frame 3146: iy 591

as ese i 22
Cyclos the Circular Sprite
a4 ae —— ©1800

(PlantTuner/Effect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can discard 1
card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner
from your Deck to your hand,

except "Cyclos the Circular Sprite".
If an Insect or Plant Synchro
Monster(s) is Special Summoned,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card, but
banish it when it leaves the field.
You can only use each effect of
"Cyclos the Circular Sprite" once

ms) a How to obtain

& imo
Can Dismantle

(me «1 )
Rot
@® +10

Wl Generate «= -30

“B  Dismantle


Frame 3147: iy 591

as ese | G22

So i

a4 a8 1000 1800
(PlantTuner/Effect! A How to Obtain
IF this card is Normal or Special

Summoned: You can discard 1
card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner

ile

from your Deck to your hand, 1

except "Cyclos the Circular Sprite". [
If an Insect or Plant Synchro & Yyoio

Monster(s) is Special Summoned, Ey 01
while this card is In your GY (except CanDismantle 1

during the Damage Step): You can

Special Summon this card, but Ay dismantle == @ +10
banish it when it leaves the field.

You can only use each effect of tH Generate -30

"Cyclos the Circular Sprite" once


Frame 3148: Cycles th Cheuar Spe

a4 a8 @1000 $1800
(Piant/Tuner/ettectl

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can discard 1
card; add 1 Insect or Plant Tuner
rom your Deck to your hand,
qn "Cycles the Circular Sprite".
Fan Insect or Plant Synchro
Monster(s) |s Special Summoned,
while this card is in your GY (except
during the Damage Step): You can
Special Summon this card, but
banish it when it leaves the field
You can only use each effect of
"Cyclos the Circular Sprite” ance

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 3149: ser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3150: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 3151: Ht you have "Right Leg of the
Forbidden Ona", *Lefl Leg af the
Forbidden One", "Right Ann of the
Forbidden One" and “Lait Arm of
the Forbidden One® in addition to
this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

C=

Geneate

& Hovo
== CHE


Frame 3152: so

as ese | G22

Exodis the Forbidden ne)

@3 2 1000 ©1000

(Speticastor/etfect]
If you have "Right Leg of the
Forbidden One”, "Left Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Right Arm of the
Forbidden One" and “Left Arm of

the Forbidden One" in addition to

this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

& ivo/0

Can Dismantie 1.


Frame 3153: iy 501

as ese G22

Tact he Faion Gon)

es 9 ®1000 ®1000

{Spollcaster/etect!
IF you have "Right Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the
Forbidden One”, "Right Arm of the
Forbidden One” and “Left Arm of

the Forbidden One" in addition to
this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

4% Dismantle = @ +10


Frame 3154: iy 501

as ese G22

Tact he Fier oon)

e909 ®1000 ®1000

(Speltcaster/EHectl LN
IF you have “Right Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the
Forbidden One", “Right Arm of the
Forbidden One” and “Left Arm of

the Forbidden One" in addition to
this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

4% Dismantle =P +10


Frame 3155: iy 591

as ese G22

Tae he Fier Oow NE)

e909 ®1000 ®1000

(Spolicaster/Eftect!
IF you have “Right Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the
Forbidden One", “Right Arm of the
Forbidden One” and “Left Arm of

the Forbidden One" in addition to
this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

1
Bo +
& ivoio
34 =f
Can Diamante 4 (ES
4% Dismantle = +10

“Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3156: iy 501

as ese G22

Tact he Faiaen Oo0

e909 ®1000 ®1000

(Speltcaster/EHectl LN
IF you have “Right Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the
Forbidden One", “Right Arm of the
Forbidden One” and “Left Arm of

the Forbidden One" in addition to
this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

4% Dismantle

@ +10

“Gl Generate =} -30


Frame 3157: iy 501

as ese | G22

Tha tie Forhikon Ova LE

@3 9 ©1000 #1000
(Spelicaster/Ettect!
If you have "Right Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the
Forbidden One", “Right Arm of the
Forbidden One" and “Left Arm of

the Forbidden One" in addition to

this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

4% Dismantle = +10


Frame 3158: iy 501

2s ese | i 22

Exodia the Forbidden

ne 4

e390 ®1000 ®1000
(Spolleasteretieet] NN
If you have "Right Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the
Forbidden One", “Right Arm of the
Forbidden One" and "Left Arm of

the Forbidden One" in addition to

this card in your hand, you win the
Duel.

How to Obtain


Frame 3159: Exodia the Forbidden One Bs

es 0 @1000 61000

{Spelicaster/EMect]
IF you have "Right Leg of the
Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the
‘orbidden One". "Right Arm of the
orbidden One" and “Left Arm of
\e Forbidden One" in addition to
is card in your hand, you win the

Rei
jroo
Duel. =a
Candismantie 1 (ES )

-1

4s
[4

Dismantie


Frame 3160: ser eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 3161: ser pets | ae

GR 22

Frame 3162: dunk Synchran _  €&

es 08 1300 @s00
MWarrlor/Tunevenee
When this card is Normal

Summoned) You can target 1 Level

2 or lawer monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, but negate its
effects.


Frame 3163: ser zie §=<@se | G22
Junk Synchron

3 98 21300 @50a
(Warlor/Tuner/effect!

When this card is Normal
Summoned; You can target 1 Level
2 or lower monster in your GY:
Special Summon that target in a
Defense Position, but negate its

effects.

CA)


Frame 3164: iy 501

as ese | i 22

a3 of 1300 500

Warrlor/Tuner/ettect)
When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1 Level

2 or lower monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Detense Position, but negate its
effects.

( )

|

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3165: iy 501

2s ese | G22

dunk Synehron ee

a3 of 1300 500

Warrlor/Tuner/ettect)
When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1 Level

2 or lower monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Detense Position, but negate its
effects.

( )

|

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3166: iy 501

as ese 22

dunk Synehron oe)

a3 of 1300 500

Warrlor/Tuner/ettect
When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1 Level

2 or lower monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Detense Position, but negate its
effects.

( )

|

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3167: iy 501

as ese G22

dunk Synehron ee)

a3 08 1500 $500

Warrlor/Tuner/etfect])
When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1 Level

2 or lower monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, but negate its
effects.

!

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3168: iy 501

2s ese | i 22

dunk Synehron ee

a3 of @1s00 $500

Warrtor/Tuner/etfect])——
When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1 Level

2 or lower monster in your GY;
Special Summon that target in
Defense Position, but negate its
effects.

!

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3169: Junk Synchron Cm)

@3 08 @1300 6500

When this card is Normal

Summoned; You can target 1 Level
2 or lower monster in your GY:
pecial Summon that target in

i & jso/o

CoAbiemie (FS -' )

Cannot Dizmantie


Frame 3170: ser pers | ae

GR 22

Frame 3171: ser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3172: Blackwing ~Gale the Whiniwind

@2 88 $1300 ©4009

Winged Beast/Tuner/enees
It you control a "Blackwing"

monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind", you can

Special Summon this card (from

your hand),

Once per turn: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent
controls; that target's ATK/DEF
become hall its current ATK/DEF


Frame 3173: so

as ese | G22

Blackwing ~ Gala the Whirlwind 8 t — Cm)
e308 @1200 ano y

(Winged Beast/Tuner/enfect)

Ai tiow to optain

If you control a "Blackwing"
Gale the Whirlwind”, you can

Special Summon this card (from | (. )
Once per turn: You can target 1 2 i010

monster other than "Blackwing — (G Related Cards}
your hand).
become half its current ATK/DEF

te Cannot Dismant


Frame 3174: iy 501

as ese | G22

Blackwing Gale the Whirlwind A)
e308 ®1300 6400
(Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect)| NN
IF you control a "Blackwing"

monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind", you can

Special Summon this card (from

your hand).

Once per turn: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent

controls; that target's ATK/DEF

become half its current ATK/DEF


Frame 3175: iy 501

2s ese | G22

Blackwing - Gale the Whithwind EA)
368 1300 S400
(Winged Beast/Tuner/efect] 0
IF you control a "Blackwing"

monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind”, you can

Special Summon this card (from

your hand).

Once per turn: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent

controls; that target's ATK/DEF

become half its current ATK/DEF


Frame 3176: Blackwing - Gale the Whithwind a)

a3 08 ®1300 S400

(Winged Beast/Tuner/éffect]
IF you control a "Blackwing"

monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind”, you can

Special Summon this card (from

your hand).

Once per turn: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent
controls; that target's ATK/DEF
become half its current ATK/DEF

( )


Frame 3177: iy 501

as ese | G22

Blackwing Gale the Whirlwind A
es 08 1300 Gan0
(Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect! NNN
IF you control a "Blackwing"

monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind", you can

Special Summon this card (from

your hand).

Once per turn: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent

controls; that target's ATK/DEF

become half its current ATK/DEF


Frame 3178: iy 501

2s ese | G22

Blackwing - Gale the Whishwind 3)
308 @1300 $400
(Winged Beast/Turer/Etfect! NNN
IF you cantrol a "Blackwing"

monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind”, you can

Special Summon this card (from

your hand),

Once per turn: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent

controls; that target's ATK/DEF

become half its current ATK/DEF.


Frame 3179: a3 08 ®1300
{Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect} 0)

IF you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind". you can
Special Summon this card (from
your hand),

Once per turn: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent
controls; that target's ATK/DEF

become half its current ATK/DEF.

CanDismantie 0 | **

"Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3180: as 08 @1300 ®ao0
[Winged Beast/Tuner/Etfect)

IF you control a "Blackwing"
monster other than "Blackwing —
Gale the Whirlwind", you can
pecial Summon this card (from
jour hand),
Once per turn; You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent
controls; that target's ATK/DEF
become half its current ATK/DEF.

Hour to Obtain

CR)

Bo +1
& io/o
Condirmamie 0 (ET 1)
ok Cannot Dismantic


Frame 3181: ser «pets | se

GR 22

Frame 3182: sor eis | ae

GR 22

Frame 3183: Nea Fiamvell Hedgehog

@: 28 #s00 S200

[eyrofTuner/Enect)
If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's

GY; banish it,

Il this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 or less DEF in

your GY. except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog"; add that target to your
hand

P| =

—— fo +4
a taro

(Can Dismantle 1 Eo )
4% Dismantie «= +10


Frame 3184: 501

rs se azz
@3 28 eon 200
{Pyro/Tuner/etteet)

IF this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's
GY; banish it,

I this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 or less DEF in
your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog", add that target to your
hand.

( )

& ivoo

Can Dismantie 1

A Dismantie

@ +10


Frame 3185: iy 501

as ese | G22

ve mae

es 08 eon #200
(PyrofTuner/eneet)
If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's

GY; banish it.

If this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE

monster with 200 or less DEF in

your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog”; add that target to your
hand.


Frame 3186: iy 501

as ese G22

Neo Flamvell Hedgehog

e708 ®a0p #200
(PyrofTuner/eneet)
If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's
GY; banish it.

If this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 or less DEF in
your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog”; add that target to your
hand.


Frame 3187: iy 501

as ese G22

ve mao

ex 08 a0 #200
(PyrofTuner/enect
If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's
GY; banish it.

If this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 of less DEF in
your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog"; add that target to your
hand.


Frame 3188: iy 501

as ese G22

v= mat ens

a3 °° ®s00 #200

(eyrofTuner/enect
If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's

GY; banish it.

If this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 or less DEF in

your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog”; add that target to your
hand.

1


Frame 3189: iy 501

as ese | i 22

v= oma eh

@3 °° @®s00 #200

(PyrofTuner/enect
If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's

GY; banish it.

If this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 of less DEF in

your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog”; add that target to your
hand.

Ch)
f
= Ci

1


Frame 3190: iy 591

as ese | G22

v= oma eT

es °° @®s00 #200

(PyrofTuner/enect)
If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's

GY; banish it.

If this card on the field is destroyed
by card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 or less DEF in

your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog”; add that target to your
hand.

Ch)
f
= Ca

1


Frame 3191: Neo Flamnvell Hedgehog __ @

@s 098 @eo0 #200

[Pyra/Tuner/Efet]

If this card is destroyed by battle:
Target 1 card in your opponent's
GY; banish it.
this card on the field is destroyed
y card effect: Target 1 FIRE
monster with 200 er less DEF in
your GY, except "Neo Flamvell
Hedgehog"; add that target to your
hand.

: C A»)
| (dA rew to obtain

& i/o
eo

Can Dismantle

@® +10
Generate 4

|


Frame 3192: ser pers se

GR 22

Frame 3193: ser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3194: Geer Ally Birdman

e2 ue 100 ©a00
[Machine/Tuner/effect]

You can return 1 face-up monster
you control to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
but banish it when it leaves the
field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field.

BO +

& toro

Can Bismantle 1

4 Dismentie = =@ +10


Frame 3195: 501

as se Gz
———————
es a8 1400 ®ano

(Machine/Tuner/eftect]
You can return 1 face-up monster
you control to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
but banish it when it leaves the

field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field,

Ai tiow to obtain

itr

Ci Related cards

— BO +t
& j/o/0

& @ +10

a Generate «= -30

i

Dismantie


Frame 3196: iy 501

2s ese | i 22
Genex Ally Birdman —

os oe CR)
(Machine/Tuner/ettect) A How t0 Obtain

You can return 1 face-up monster
you control to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
but banish it when it leaves the
field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field.

1

& jvoio

Can Dismantie 1

jolated Cards


Frame 3197: iy 501

2s ese i 22
Genex Ally Birdman =

os ee CA)
(Machine/Tuner/Ettect) aA How t0 obtain

You can return 1 face-up monster
you control to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
but banish it when it leaves the
field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field.

1

& ivoio

Can Dismantie 1

jolated Cards


Frame 3198: iy 501

as ese | G22
————

Ty ER Ca)
(Machine/Tuner/Ettect) aA How to obtain

You can return 1 face-up monster
you control to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
but banish it when it leaves the
field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field.

1

& ivoio

Can Dismantie 4

jolated Cards


Frame 3199: iy 501

as ese G22

Genex Ally Birman

a3 @8 ®1a00 S400

(Machine/Tuner/Effect)

You can return 1 face-up monster
you control to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand.
but banish it when it leaves the
field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field.

How to Obtain

4% dismantle =P +10


Frame 3200: iy 501

2s ese i 22

Genex Ally Birdman. 8 = ( )
as @8 @®1an0 400

(Machine/Tuner/Etfeat]
You can return 1 face-up monster
you contro! to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
but banish it when it leaves the

field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field.

4S dismantle = +10


Frame 3201: iy 501

2s | Gese | i 22
=
a |

You can return 1 face-up monster
you control to the hand; Special
Summon this card from your hand,
but banish it when it leaves the
field, also it gains 500 ATK if the
returned monster was WIND on the
field,

& jso1o
g -1
Can Dismantia 1 |

4 Dismantle «= +10

‘Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3202: @3 268 @1400 6400

(Machine/Tuner/eftect)
You can return 1 face-up monster
you contro| to the hand; Special
ummon this card from your hand,
ut banish it when it leaves the
Held, also It gains 500 ATK if the
Teturned monster was WIND on the
field


Frame 3203: ser eis | se

GR 22

Frame 3204: ser pets | ae

GR 22

Frame 3205: Gravekesper's Recruiter | ~

es 9 1200 @1500
{Spelleaster/EWect
If this card you control is sent to
your GY. Add 1 “Gravekeeper's"

monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hang.

1

Ca)


Frame 3206: ser zie «Gas G22
Gravekeeper's Recruiter HH)

es 2 S1200 ©1500

If this card you control is sent to
your GY: Add 1. "Gravekeeper’s”
monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand,

Wa Generate §=— -30


Frame 3207: iy 501

as ese | G22

S|

a3 9 ®1200 1500
Spelicaster/enect]
IF this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's"

monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

“B Dismantle =P +10

"Hl Generate © -30


Frame 3208: iy set

as ese | G22

S|

a3 9 ® 1200 1500
spelicaster/Enect]
IF this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's"

monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

43 Dismantle

@ 110


Frame 3209: iy set

as ese G22

ee

a3 9 ®1200 ©1500
{Spelicaster/Enect]
IF this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's"

monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

43 Dismantie

@ 110


Frame 3210: iy 501

as ese | G22

Gravekeeper's Recruiter 8 jj

@3 9 @1200 1500
(Spelicaster/Ettect]
IF this card you control is sent to

your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's”
monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

& ivolo

CanDismantle 1

“By Dismantle =P +10

"B Generate |= -30


Frame 3211: iy 501

as ese | G22

Gravekeeper's Recruiter 8 r

@3 9 @®1200 $1500
(Spellcaster/Ettect]
If this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's”
monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

a -
aM How to obtain

ated Card:

& ivolo

CanDismantle 1

- Dismantle =P +10

"B Generate =P -30


Frame 3212: iy 501

as ese | G22

Gravekeeper's Recruiter ee]

a3 9 @®1200 $1500
(Spellcaster/Etect]
If this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's”
monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

| a-
aM How to obtain

ey 1

& jroo

Can Dismantle 1

ae +10

"B Generate © -30

Dismantie


Frame 3213: iy 501

as ese | G22

Giavekeeper's Recruiter

@3 9 ® 1200 @1500

{spellcaster/Ettect]
If this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's"
monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

es |G: ED)
1

& - ==
= Cm


Frame 3214: iy 501

as ese | G22

Gravekeeper's Recruiter 8

@3 2 ®1200 1500

[Spellcaster/Effect! —a
If this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 "Gravekeeper's"
monster with 1500 or less DEF from
your Deck to your hand.

la.
1
= Ci


Frame 3215: es a 1200 61500
[Spellcaster/Effect
If this card you control is sent to
your GY; Add 1 “Gravekeeper's"

monster-with 1500 or less DEF from
four Dack to your hand.


Frame 3216: ser pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3217: Chrinowmaly Crystal Sky
#3 «
tReckilttect)

Hf you control 4 "Chroncmaly’
monster; You can discard Uhis card

add 1

(o-ttmrG aveyer

turn

%e00

“Chronomely® monster irom your
Deck of Graveyard toyour hand,
exegpt “Chronomaly Crystal Skull"
You-can only use this ettect ot
"Chrono maly Crystal Skull” once pers Er Demers

@®eo

os
yee

: ie Dismantle +10 |
“FP Goveraie 0)

Frame 3218: Chronomaly Crystal Skull

@3 S300 ®s00
[RecWettecy

If you control a "Chronomaly"
monster; You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
*Chronomaly” monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn.

(Hon tc tan
& toro
= CD)


Frame 3219: 501

as ese | G22

Chronamaly Crystal Skull | 5 —s

ese @s00 ®s00

(Rockette

If you control a "Chronomaly"
monster: You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
"Chronomaly” monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn

Ai Htow to obtain

eg o-1

A Dismantle §=—-@ +10

Wal Generate «=


Frame 3220: iy set

as ese | G22

Chronomaly Crystal Skull BY

e336 @so00 #500
(Rock/Etee______—

IF you control a "Chronomaly”
monster: You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
"Chronamaly" monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn,


Frame 3221: iy 501

en: SC

Chronomaly Crystal Skull BY)

a3 @so00 #500
(Rock/Etet]_____—__——

IF you control a "Chronomaly”
monster: You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
"Chronamaly" monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn,


Frame 3222: iy set

2s ese | G22

Chronamaly Crystal Skull

es soo @s00
(Rock/ettect

IF you control a "Chronomaly”
monster: You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
"Chronamaly" monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn,


Frame 3223: iy set

2s ese | G22

Chronamaly Crystal Skull =

es soo @B00
fRock/ettect!

IF you control a "Chronomaly”
monster: You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
"Chronomaly" monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn,


Frame 3224: iy set

as ese G22

Chronamaly Crystal Skull

a3 6 @®s00 #500

(Rock/ettect]

IF you control a "Chronomaly”
monster: You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
"Chronomaly" monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn,

Ch)
1

& joi0

Can Dismantle “~! )
ro


Frame 3225: iy set

as ese | G22

Chronamaly Crystal Skull C )

a3 6 @®s00 #500

(Rock/ettect!____ NNN
If you control a "Chronomaly”

monster: You can discard this card
to the Graveyard; add 1
"Chronomaly" monster from your
Deck or Graveyard to your hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull".
You can only use this effect of
"Chronomaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn,

-@  Dismantic


Frame 3226: chononsh Cortes

aa 6 @sn0 500

Rockette]
IF you control a “Chronomaly”
monster; You can discard this card

the Graveyard; add 1

‘Chronomaly" monster from your

jeck or Graveyard to youn hand,
except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull"
You can only use this effect of
"Chronamaly Crystal Skull” once per
turn

45 Dismantis d v10


Frame 3227: ser pers | ae

GR 22

Frame 3228: ser pers | ae

GR 22

Frame 3229: eat —_— ne la
( AB How to optain

@s 9 @1900 ©700 |
IFiend/Ettect]
During the End Phase, if this card
wae Noral Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card: excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

oo


Frame 3230: ser Eats

@e wz

Kuribandit |
es @1000 6700
IFiondvenecty, a ——

During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck. you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

| Alttow t9 obtain

2

& 2/0/0
o( Ee

Can Dismantle

a Cannot £


Frame 3231: jeer «eis «se 22

During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add | excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

acibandit as 4 >
ea ¥ 1000 ®700
(Fienc/eniect]___ NN

Can Dismantle

Cannot D


Frame 3232: iy 501

as ese | G22
—
es ¥ ®1000 ®700
(Fieng/eftect)

During the End Phase. if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

& 3/0/0
(ae

Cannot D


Frame 3233: iy set

2s ese | i 22

‘anand

or dienes Cm)
(Fienc/eniect] NNN

During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

Can Dismantie

* Cannot D


Frame 3234: iy set

as ese G22
= a
ea ¥ ®1o000 6700
(Fiend/Ettect)____

During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

iz
& 3/010

CanDismantie 0 | *

a Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3235: iy set

as se — 22
Kuribandit
easy ee 700
(rieng/ettect)

During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

v=

7 C=”
Can Dismantle

& Cannot Dismantie


Frame 3236: ser Bp ate —_—— GR 22

Kuribandit

es ¥ ol ®700

(Fiend/Eteet] =
During the End Phase, if this card

was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate

the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining

cards to the GY.  Co=n —
Can Dismantle

as Cannot Dismanile

ial General &


Frame 3237: iy 501

as ese | G22

Kuribandit 8

a3 9 @®1o000 ®700

[Flend/Etfect) a |
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.


Frame 3238: iy set

as ese | G22

Kuribandit 7

a3 ¥ ®1000 ®700

[Flend/Etfect) a — |
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.


Frame 3239: sor eis se) 22

a3 9 @®1o00 ®700

(Fieng/ettect]
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to

2] =

:
your hand, also send the remaining 3
cards to the GY. _———e (@e- )

Can Dismantle

Cannot


Frame 3240: iy 501

as ese | G22

Kuribandit a)
a3 ¥ @®1o00 @700

(Fieng/ettect)
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

CA)


Frame 3241: iy 501

as ese | G22

Kuribandit ee]
a3 ¥ @®1o00 ®700

(Fieng/ettect]
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

CA)


Frame 3242: iy 501

as ese G22

Kuribandit pom]

es ¥ ® 1000 &700

(Fieng/etfect]
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.


Frame 3243: iy 501

as ese G22

Kuribandit Ts

es ¥ ® 1000 &700

(Fiend/Etfect)
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.


Frame 3244: iy 501

et: SC

Kuribandit Ts

es ¥ ® 1000 ®700

(Fiend/etfect]
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:

You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.


Frame 3245: iy 501

as ese | G22

Kuribanait a . a
es ¥ ®1000 6700

(Fiend/etiect]_____ =

During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
the top 5 cards of your Deck, you
can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand, also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3246: ‘Kuribandit
@s ¥

TFiengiettect!
During the End Phase, if this card
was Normal Summoned this turn:
You can Tribute this card; excavate
fhe top 5 cards of your Deck, you
add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to
your hand. also send the remaining
cards to the GY.

@1o00 $700

z .

Cannot Dismantis


Frame 3247: sor pers | se

GR 22

Frame 3248: R Ginclning~Siaah de BEST

cy teu eie
(Winged Besst/Tune(/Ettect] _ |
If this (a¢g-up cafe leaves the field;
Special Summer } “Steam Token”
(Agua/WIND/Level WAT 100/DEF
109).

ii thistcard is'in your'GY; Yeucan
Tilbute 1 monster; Special Summon g
(His carc from the G¥. You can only
use Whils effect of "Blackwing = sepa Dlamantle 0
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. I

this caré Summoned this, way 5,
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be

* Blew ing "amin nteast Ct ‘Genera 30)


Frame 3249: a |

a: 88 @®s00 ®1200
(Winged! Bose Taner

It this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

Ui this card is in your GY; You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. It
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be
"Blackwing" monsters.

Ca)

Cannot Oismantis


Frame 3250: 501

as ese | G22

Blackwing Steam theCioak i)

es 68 eon 1200
(Winged Beast/Tuner/eReet} NN
If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

If this card is in your GY: You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. If
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all ather
Synchro Materials must be
"Blackwing" monsters.

tos] =

(a)

1
& )
Can Dismantla 0


Frame 3251: iy 591

as ese | i 22

Blackwing Steam theCloak

a3 08 ®s00 ®1200

(Winged Beast/Tuner/Effect]
If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

If this card is in your GY: You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. If
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be
"Blackwing" monsters.


Frame 3252: iy 591

as ese | G22

Blackwing Steam theCloak

e368 enn 1200
(Winged Beast/Tuner/étfect]

If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

If this card is in your GY: You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. |f
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be
"Blackwing" monsters.

Can Dismantie

Bs Cannot Dik


Frame 3253: iy 501

2s ese 22

Blackwing Steam theCloak

e368 enn 1200
(Winged Beast/Tunor/etfect]

If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

If this card is in your GY: You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. |f
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be
"Blackwing" monsters.


Frame 3254: iy 501

2s ese i 22

Blackwing Steam theCloak

e308 smn 1200
(Winged Beast/Tuner/etfect] NE

If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

If this card is in your GY; You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. |f
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must he
"Blackwing" monsters.


Frame 3255: iy set

as ese i 22

Blackwing - Steam the Clonk

e308 @eo0 ®1200
(Winged Beast/Tuner/etfect]
If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

If this card is in your GY; You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. |f
this card Summoned this way is

used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must he
"Blackwing" monsters.

Can Dismantle


Frame 3256: iy 501

as ese i 22

Blackwing Steam theCloak F Ch)

(Winged Beast/Tunor/effect)

If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF

100). 1

Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon io/0
sa

#3 08 ®so00 #1200 |

this card from the GY. You can only

use this effect of "Blackwing - ‘Con Dismantia 0 onal
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. |f
this card Summoned this way is te Cannio antle

used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be ;
"Blackwing" monsters. wi

rs


Frame 3257: a3 08 ®so00 #1200

(Winged Beast/Tuner/Etfectl)| NN
If this face-up card leaves the field:
Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"
(Aqua/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF
100).

If this card is in your GY: You can
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. |f
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must be
"Blackwing" monsters.

ay

b|
& jroo
CanDismantie 0

as Cannot £


Frame 3258: Blackwing ~ Steam the Cloak a |

es 08 ®eco ©1200

(Winged BeastTuner/etec,

If this face-up card leaves the field:

Special Summon 1 "Steam Token"

Q.. 1/ATK 100/DEF
00).

¥ this card is in your GY: You can
Tribute 1 monster: Special Summon
this card from the GY. You can only
use this effect of "Blackwing —
Steam the Cloak” once per Duel. IF
this card Summoned this way is
used as Synchro Material, all other
Synchro Materials must he
"Blackwing" monsters.

Bo +!
& i/oi0
= Ca.
os annot Dismantic


Frame 3259: @ijser pers | ae

GR 22

Frame 3260: rl Cyberdark Cana a)
e: ®1300 ©eo0
[Dragoq/Eitoct]

If this cand js senbto the GY while
equipped to a monster, You can
= draw 1 card. | 7
« You can only use each of the
. igllowing effects of "Cyberdatk.

Cannon” once per turn.
YoU can discard! this card; acide
Machine "Cyberdatk” monster fram
your Beck to your hand. = ®
@Ouring damage calculationyite ~~ = Ss
monster aquipped with this card .
battles: You can send 1 manster (= Grnertw «30 |
from your Deck to the GY _


Frame 3261: |

eo: 8 1300 ©a00
[Dragor/Etfect] =
If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw | card.
You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.
@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark” monster from
your Deck to your hand
During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.


Frame 3262: 501

as ese | i 22
Cyberdark Cannon a?
@3 6 @1e00 ®e0o | CR)

(ragon/etect]
If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card,

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

a +1
sf

q
& ivoia —_

CanDismantle 0

- Cannot Dis


Frame 3263: iy set

2s ese | G22

Fearne TEE) CA)
es @ ®1s00 #500
(Dragon/etfeet]_____
il (2 Rolated Cards

If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

@During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3264: iy 501

as ese | G22
Spat Comin a
en @ @1s00 $500
(Dragonettect]

If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

@During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3265: iy 501

as ese | i 22
Spat aman a
en @ @1s00 $500
(Dragowettect]

If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

@During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3266: iy 501

as ese i 22
Cmte ee Co)
en @ @1s00 #500
(Dragowettect]

If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

@During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3267: iy set

as se G22
rr war as
en @ @1s00 $500
(Dragowettect]

If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card,

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

@During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3268: iy 501

as ese | G22

Cyberdark Cannon ee]

a3 @ ®1e00 ®B00

(Dragon/ettect]
If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

|


Frame 3269: iy 501

as ese G22

Cyberdark Cannon ne)

a3 6 ®1e00 6800

(Dragon/ettect]
If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
draw 1 card.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Cannon" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
Machine "Cyberdark" monster from
your Deck to your hand.

@During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster
from your Deck to the GY.

|


Frame 3270: |
es @ @®1e00 Ge00
Wragonettet)

IFthis card is sent to the GY while

equipped to a monster; You can

draw 1 card,

q: can only use each of the
llowing effects of "Cyberdark

Cannen* once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1

Machine "Cyberdark" monster from

your Deck to your hand.

@During damage calculation, if a

monster equipped with this card

battles: You can send 1 monster

from your Deck to the GY.

as

nnot Dismantic

& jroo

CanDismantle 0

c


Frame 3271: ser pers | ae

GR 22

Frame 3272: = Cyd Ce =

e @ @ 1300 ®en0
[Dreaaq/Ettneth: a
WF (his aids senleto. the, GY-whle
equipped Ww a monster You can
= targetel "“Cytserdane’monster in
« your GY; add i! fo your hand.
3 You c3n only!Use eadll of the.
{allowing effects of "Cyberdare
Claw" once per tury
You can discard this card; alld |
Cyberdark” Speil/Trap tromyour
Deck to yaur hand
@DuWing damage eaieyiation if a
monster equinpad with this card’
battles: You can send 1 monster


Frame 3273: Cyberdark Claw ae |

es 6 @1a00 ©a00

Wragorettect]
If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
target 1 "Cyberdark” monster in
your GY; add it to your hand.

You can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Claw" once per tur

@You can discard this card; add 1
“Cyberdark” Speil/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

@ During damage calculation if a
monster equipped with this cara
battles: You can send 1 monster

Ca)

& toro
Can Dismantie 0 (EY )

+]

i
+
“3

Cannot Didmantis


Frame 3274: ser zie «Gas G22

Cyberdark Claw |
@3 G @1s00 ®s00
cr

If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can
larget 1 “Cyberdark" monster in
your GY; add it to your hand.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Claw" once per tum,

@You can discard this card; add 1
"Cyberdark” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

@During damage calculation. if a
monster equipped with this card
batties: You can send 1 monster

meee

® -30

1
3 ivoio
Can Dismantia 0


Frame 3275: iy set

2s ese | G22

a3 © @1e00 800

(Dragon/ettect]
IF this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster: You can
target 1 “Cyberdark" monster in
your GY; add it to your hand.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Claw" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
"Gyberdark” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

@During damage calculation. if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster

( >
|

Cannot Dismantle

1
& jsaio
Can Dismantie 0


Frame 3276: iy 501

2s ese | G22

Cyberdark Claw ee

aa @ @1e00 800

(Dragonettect!
IF this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster: You can
target 1 “Cyberdark" monster in
your GY; add it to your hand.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Claw" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
"Gyberdark” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

@During damage calculation. if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster

( >
|

Cannot Dismantle

1
& jsaio
Can Dismantie 0


Frame 3277: iy 501

as ese | i 22

Cyberdark Claw ee

aa @ @1e00 800

(Dragonvettect!
IF this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster: You can
target 1 “Cyberdark" monster in
your GY; add it to your hand.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Claw" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
"Gyberdark” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

@During damage calculation. if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster

( >
|

Cannot Dismantle

1
& jsaio
Can Dismantie 0


Frame 3278: iy set

2s ese G22

| CA)
as @ ®1e00 Ss00

(Dragon/ettectl” NNN

If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster: You can
target 1 “Cyberdark" monster in
your GY; add it to your hand.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Claw" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
"Cyberdark" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

@During damage calculation, if a
manster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster

os Cannot Dismantle


Frame 3279: iy set

as ese | G22

Cyberdark Claw ee

as & @1e00 800

(Dragonettect]!
If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster: You can
target 1 “Cyberdark" monster in
your GY; add it to your hand.

You can only use each of the
following effects of "Cyberdark
Claw" once per turn.

@You can discard this card; add 1
"Cyberdark" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

@During damage calculation. if a
manster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster

ml

& jsoi0

CanDismantie 0

ca

Cannot Dismanti

®


Frame 3280: Cyberdark Claw  &
es « @1e00 S200

ccc
If this card is sent to the GY while
equipped to a monster; You can

rget 1 “Cyberdark” monster in

our GY; add it to your hand.

‘ou can only use each of the
following effects of “Cyberdark
Claw" once per turn,

@You can discard this card; add 1
"Cyberdatk” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

@During damage calculation, if a
monster equipped with this card
battles: You can send 1 monster

& iio
Can Dismantle 0

annot Dismantie

Generate -30


Frame 3281: ser pers | ae

GR 22

Frame 3282: ‘chen Oreconmed

e: ¢ #500
(Dragga Bttect], ~

WW this card js Normal or Special |
Summoned. You can add 1

*Braggn mato! monster (rom your
Deck to your hand, except "Kitchen
Dragonmaid' lithen sand |

"Dragon maid‘ monster fremyeur

a < e)
j Cio)

( Cp reisiex-carae |
(ma a

hand to the GY. a ( |
At.Uhe start of the Batt|> Phase: YoussfaeDismantle 0 t 4
can return this card to the hang, i

and | youda!) Spectal Summan 1 2 l

Level 8 "Dragonmaid') monster trom
your-hand-ar GY

You can anly use éach effect oF


Frame 3283: (Dragovetect]
If this card is Normal of Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid” monster fram your
Dack to your hand, except "Kitchen
Dragonmaid". then send 1
“Dragonmaid” monster from your
hand to the GY.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,

and if you da, Special Summon 1
Level 8 "Dragonmaid” monster from
your hand ar GY
You can only use

effect of

CA)

2] Et)

* toro
Can Dismantle oO

Cannot Dismanti

v


Frame 3284: a

WB Related Cards

@3 Sso0 ©1700

a

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
"Dragonmaid" monster from your
Deck to your hand, except “Kitchen
Dragonmaid”, then send 1
“Dragonmaid" monster from your
hand to the GY.
At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1 * Cannot Disman
Level 8 "Dragonmaid” monster from
your hand or GY. @
can only use each effect of


Frame 3285: iy set

as ese | G22

Kitchen Dragonmaid ae

a3 © son #1700

(Dragon/Ettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
“Dragonmaid" monster from your
Deck to your hand, except "Kitchen
Draconmaid", then send 1
"Dragonmaid" monster from your
hand to the GY.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.

can only use 6:

effect of

— la

Can Dismantie

Cannot Dismantie

<—- o)


Frame 3286: iy set

as ese | i 22

<i oI

aso son 1700
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid" monster from your
Deck to your hand, except "Kitchen
Draconmaid", then send 1
"Dragonmaid” monster from your
hand to the GY.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,

and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.
can only use @

effect of

1

& jso1o

Can Dismantie 0

Cannot Dismantie

il Generate «=


Frame 3287: iy 501

as ese | G22

Kitchen Dragonmaid ee: | =

aso son 1700
(Dragon/éttect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid" monster from your
Deck to your hand, except "Kitchen
Draconmaid", then send 1
"Dragonmaid" monster from your
hand to the GY.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You Can Dismantle

can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.

can only use each effect of

CA)


Frame 3288: iy 501

2s ese G22

Kitchen Dragonmaid eee)

aso @so0 1700
(Dragon/Ettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid" monster from your
Deck to your hand, except "Kitchen
Draconmaid", then send 1
"Dragonmaid" monster from your
hand to the GY.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,

and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.

effect of

can only use 6:

1
& jso1o

Cannot Dismantie

C7

Generale


Frame 3289: iy set

as ese | i 22

Kitchen Dragonmaid w—— 2]

aso son #1700

(Dragon/ettect]
If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can add 1
“Dragonmaid" monster from your
Deck to your hand, except "Kitchen
Draconmaid", then send 1
"Dragonmaid" monster from your
hand to the GY.

At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if you do, Special Summon 1
Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.

can only use 6:

effect of

CA)


Frame 3290: Kitchen Dragonmaid 8

es @ @soo $1700

(rasonvettest]
IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can add 1
“Dragonmaid” monster from your
jeck to your hand, except "Kitchen
ragonmaid", then send 1
Dragonmaid” monster from your
hand to the GY.
At the start of the Battle Phase: You
can return this card to the hand,
and if yau do, Special Summon 1
Level 8 “Dragonmaid" monster from
your hand or GY.
You can only use each effect of


Frame 3291: ser pets | ae

GR 22

Frame 3292: ser ers se

GR 22

Frame 3293: Reeshaddoll Wendi ae

@s 8 1500 ©1000
(PsychiesFiip/effeci!
FLIP, You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll® monster {ram your Deck
in face-up oF face-down Defense
Position except "Reashacdoll
Wendi",

Il this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll" monster from
your Deck in face-down Defense
Positin, except "Reeshacdoll
Wendi".

You can only use 1 "Reeshaddall
Wendi" effect per turn, and only

Ca)

1

& ior

Eo
Can Diamante 1 (EY


Frame 3294: ser zis se ae

Reeshaddoll Wendi a =

: a
ea 8 1500 1000
WoychieFip/enect]_____ NNN |

FLIP: You can Special Summon 1
“Shaddoll" monster from your Deck

in face-up or facedown Defense

Position, except "Reeshaddoll 1

Wendi" [ ies
If this card is sent to the GY by a 2 Yvon

card effect: You can Special BQ -t

Summon 1 "Shaddoll” monster from Can Bismantle _1.
your Deck in facedown Defense

Pasition, except "Reeshaddoll Ay Dismantle =—-@ +10
Wendi”

You can only use 1 "Reeshaddoll
Wendi" effect per turn, and only ita iin


Frame 3295: iy 501

2s ese | i 22

Reeshaddall Wendi LL

e3 © ®1s00 61000

(Poychic/Fiip/etect)
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll" monster from your Deck
in face-up or face-down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddoll
Wendi"

IF this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll” monster from
your Deck in face—down Defense
Position, except "Reeshadidoll
Wendi”

You can only use 1 *Reeshaddoll
Wendi" effect per turn, and only


Frame 3296: iy 501

2s ese G22

Reeshaddall Wendi AL

ea ® ct ®1000

(Poychic/Fp/etect)
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll" monster from your Deck
in face-up or face-down Defense
Position, except "Reestaddoll
Wendi"

IF this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll” monster from
your Deck jn face—down Defense
Position, except "Reeshadidoll
Wendi”

You can only use 1 *Reeshaddoll
Wendi" effect per turn, and only


Frame 3297: iy 501

as ese G22

Reeshaddall Wendi LL

ea ® ct ®1000

(Poychic/Flp/enect)
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll" monster from your Deck
in face-up or face-down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddoll
Wendi"

IF this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll” monster from
your Deck jn face—down Defense
Position, except "Reeshadidoll
Wendi”

You can only use 1 *Reeshaddoll
Wendi" effect per turn, and only


Frame 3298: iy 501

as se | G22

Sonat wet

ea ® ®1s00 ®1000

(Peychic/Flip/etect)
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll" monster from your Deck
in face-up of face-down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddoll
Wendi”

IF this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll” monster from
your Deck jn face—down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddoll
Wendi’

You can only use 1 "Reeshaddall
Wendi" effect per turn, and only


Frame 3299: iy 501

2s ese G22

Reeshaddoll Wendi —=s C )
aa ® @u 1900

(2 | a

FLIP: You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll" monster from your Deck
in face-up or face-down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddall
Wendi",

IF this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll” monster from
your Deck jn face—down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddoll
Wendi”

You can only use 1 "Reeshaddall
Wendi” effect per turn, and only


Frame 3300: iy set

‘Ryze se 22

Reeshaddall Wendi at

a3 ®1s00 #1000

(Psychic/Fllp/Effect] ———
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll" monster from your Deck

in face-up or face-down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddall

Wendi
If this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect; You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll" monster from
your Deck in facedown Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddall
Wendi"

You can only use 1 "Reeshaddoll
Wendi effect per turn. and anly

1
& isoro
Can Dismantle om )


Frame 3301: Reeshaddall Wendl a |

as * @1sc0 $1990
[Psychic/Filp/Effet]

FLIP; You can Special Summon 1
"Shaddoll" monster from your Deck
jn face-up or face-down Defense
osition, except “Reeshaddoll
Gee
Il this card is sent to the GY by a
card effect: You can Special
Summon 1 "Shaddoll" monster from
your Deck in face—down Defense
Position, except "Reeshaddoll
Wendi"
You can only use 1 "Reeshaddall
Wendi” effect per turn. and only


Frame 3302: (sor epzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 3303: iy set

Ce oe

GR 22

Frame 3304: Noh-P-UM.K ZeAmin BE

e246 a0 ©a
[Psychic/Tuner/ Ete
You can pay 600 LP: add 1
"P.U.N.K." monster from your Deck
to your hand, except "Noh—P.U.N.K,
Ze Amin".
tf this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "P.UN.K." monster
you control; it gains 600 ATK.
You can only use each effect of
"Noh-P.U.N.K. Ze Amin" once per
turn,


Frame 3305: 501

(ze dese th22

Noh-P.UN.K. Ze Amin 2] i

e060 SaTESE a:
(esychie/Tuner/EHeey NN
You can pay 600 LP; add 1
"PUNK." monster from your Deck
to your hand, except “Noh-P.U.N.K..
Ze Amin". |

|

If this card is sent to the GY: You

1
can target 1 "P.U.N.K." monster & Tia
you control; it gains 600 ATK a (Ee Sr )
You can only use each effect of pl nl

"Noh-P.U.N.K, Ze Amin" once per
turn Ay Dismantle +10
Ml Generate «=P -30


Frame 3306: iy 59

(y2re Ese 22

Woh-PUN.K.ZeAmin

ea 2e @e0n #500
(Peychle/Tuner/EMEAT
You can pay 800 LP; add 1
"P.U.N.K." monster from your Deck
to your hand, except "Noh-P.U.N.K.
Ze Amin".

if this card is sent to the GY: You

can target 1 "P.ULN.K." monster

you contro}; it gains 600 ATK.

You can only use each effect of

"Noh-P.U.N.K. Ze Amin" once per
turn

“Bl Generate «= -30


Frame 3307: iso

ee: Se Ed

ea #e enn #500
(Paychie/Tuner/EMEAT
You can pay 600 LP; add 1
"P.U.N.K." monster from your Deck
to your hand, except "Noh-P.U.N.K.
Ze Amin".

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "P.ULN.K." monster
you control; it gains 600 ATK.

You can only use each effect of
“Noh-P.U.N.K. Ze Amin" once per
turn,

{Ml How to obtain

alan
i

| 1

mB +t
& iio
= Ca

-  Dismantie

a

@® +10

Generale = -30


Frame 3308: iso

y2re <Gese 22

Woh-P.UNK. ZeAmin FE

es ee enn ®500
(Peychie/Tuner/ettect]
You can pay 600 LP; add 1
“P.ULN.K." monster from your Deck
to your hand. except "Noh-P.U.N,K.
Ze Amin".

If this card is sent to the GY: You

can target 1 "P.U.N.K." monster

you control; it gains 600 ATK.

You can only use each effect of

"Noh-P.U.N.K. Ze Amin" once per
turn

“ Dismantle §=—-@ +10

Generate -30


Frame 3309: (Poychic/Tuner/eftect]
You can pay 600 LP; add 1
“P.U.N.K." monster from your Deck
to your hand, except "Noh-P.U.N.K.
Ze Amin".

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "P.U.N.K." monster
you control; it gains GOO ATK.

You can only use each effect of
“Noh-P.U.N.K. Ze Amin" once per
turn.

& ive

Can Dismantle 1


Frame 3310: You can pay 600 LP; add 1
“P.U.N.K." monster from your Deck
to your hand, except “Noh-P.U.N,K.
Ze Amin".

If this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "P.U.N.K." monster
you control; it gains GOO ATK.

You can only use each effect of
“Noh-P.U.N.K. Ze Amin" once per
turn.

& jvoio
1

Can Dismantle

4% Dismantie

How to Obtain

7 +10


Frame 3311: Noh-P.U.NK. Ze Amin ne)

es 28 ®e00 S500

(Psychic/Tunevenecd
You can pay 600 LP; add 1
"P.U.N.K." monster from your Deck
your hand, except. "Noh-P.U.N.K.
< Amin".
jf this card is sent to the GY: You
can target 1 "P.U.N.K." monster
you contro|; it gains G00 ATK.
You can only use each effect of
"Noh-P.U.NK. Ze Amin" once per
turn,

& iioio
Can Dismanile 4

[> oi

e-
Cae,

Ey

“(A iow to Obtain


Frame 3312: (ser epzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 3313: (sor fepzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 3314: as 6 és ©1300

Unseevettect]
If you control an Attack Position
Insecl monster, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand),
You can only Special Summon
"Dream Cicada” once per turn this
way,

Wf this card is Normal or Special
Summoned’ You can target 1
monster on the field; change its
battle position

You can only use this effect of
"Dream Cicada" once per turn.

Ca)


Frame 3315: 501

(ze dese th 22

eT

e323 6 @300 ©1300

(insecvertect]
If you control an Attack Position
Insecl monster, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Dream Cicada" once per turn this
‘way.

IF this card is Normal or Special
Summoned; You can target 1
monster on the field; change its
battle position.

You can only use this effect of
"Dream Cicada” once per turn.

: B+
& i700
conpismantie 0 (EY -!

Cannot Dismiar

‘Bl Generate


Frame 3316: @3 4 ®s00 ®1300

(nsecventectd
If you control an Attack Position
Insect monster, you can Special
Suminon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Suminon
"Dream Cicada" once per turn this
way.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
monster on the field; change its
battle position.

You can only use this effect of
"Dream Cicada" once per turn.


Frame 3317: @3 4 ®s00 ®1300

Unsect/ettect) —saaa
If you control an Attack Position
Insect monster, you can Special
Suminon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Dream Cicada" once per turn this
way.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
monster on the field; change its
battle position.

You can only use this effect of
"Dream Cicada” once per turn.

Cannot Dismanile


Frame 3318: @3 6 ®s00 ®1300

Unsecvertectd
If you control an Attack Position
Insect monster, you can Special
Suminon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Dream Cicada" once per turn this
way.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
monster on the field; change its
battle position.

You can only use this effect of
"Dream Cicada” once per turn.

Cannot Dismanile


Frame 3319: iso

y2e Ese 22
Dream Cicada _ =
@3 6 — @sm @1300 CA)

(nsecvertect)
If you control an Attack Position
Insect monster, you can Special
Suminon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Dream Cicada” once per turn this
way.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
monster on the field; change its
battle position.

You can only use this effect of
"Dream Cicada” ance per turn.

|
a

1

& isoro

CanDismantie 0

(fe + )

- Cannot


Frame 3320: iso

y2e Ese i 22

a3 4 ®300 #1300

(nsecvertect)
IF you control an Attack Position
Insecl monster, you can Special
Suminon this card (from your hand).
You can only Special Summon
"Dream Cicada" once per turn this
way.

If this card is Normal or Special
Summoned: You can target 1
monster on the field; change its
battle position.

You can only use this effect of
"Dream Cicada” once per turn.


Frame 3321: @3 6 @an0 $1300

{insecvettect___ NNN

\f you control an Attack Position

Insect monster, you can Special
Summon this card (from your hand),
«: can only Specia) Summon
Dream Cicada" once per turn this Bo +
wry, & jroo
IF this card is Normal or Special (4
Summoned: You can wen con Dammnite 9 (FS 4

monster on the field; change its =
battle position
You can only use this effect of

"Dream Cicada" once par turn. 6 @& -30

Cannot Dien


Frame 3322: (sor fepzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 3323: ‘yt age = < [x] }

e2 & S400) @1800 ral
(Machigs/Efteaid = = I ( Abios wontin |
This card's name beogmes! “Cyber ) if
Dragon" wile on the Pelco or tr the

Ye

< if (his cayd is Normal Summangd u
Add] "Cyber Spell/Trap ‘Tom your ~

Deek to your hand.
Hf only your akponent contrals:a

monster: You can banish this card Bee asa 4

from your GY; Special Summonlt | 0)
Cyber Dragon" monster fromayoulr
Deck a

You Ean only use 1 “Cyber/Dragan fr ‘Gone’ ea
_ Core* effect per tum ‘and only once —


Frame 3324: Cyber Dragan coe
@2 e @a00 100

IMachine/Ettect]

This card's name becomes "Cyber

Dragon" while on the fiaid or in the
Gy.

It this card is Normal Summoned;
Add 1 "Cyber" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

If only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY; Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon” monster from your
Deck

Yau can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core" effect per turn and only once

CA)

3 Horo

Can Dismantle 0

e


Frame 3325: 501

(ze dese th 22

Cyber Dragon Core | =

e2@ @a00 $1500

{Machine/Effect] [=a

This card's name becomes "Cyber
Dragon" while on the field or in the
Gy.

If this card is Normal Summoned;
Add 1 "Cyber" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

If only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY; Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon" monster from your
Deck

You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core" effect per turn, and only once


Frame 3326: iso

(y2e Ese 22

@e2@ ®a0n ®1500

(Machins/ettect]|_
This card's name becomes "Cyber
Dragon" while on the field or in the
Gy.

iF this card is Normal Summoned;
Add 1 "Cyber® Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

IF only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY; Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon" monster from your
Deck.

You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core" effect per turn, and only once


Frame 3327: i591

ae Qe He
a2@ ®an0 #1500

(Machins/ettect]
This card's name becomes "Cyber
Dragon" while on the field or in the
Gy.

iF this card is Normal Summoned:
Add 1 "Cyber* Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

IF only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY; Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon" monster from your
Deck.

You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core" effect per turn, and only once

am

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 3328: i591

y2e Ese 22
Cyber Dragon Core C
@e2@ ®a00 ®1500

(Machinc/ettect]|
This card's name becomes "Cyber
Dragon" while on the field or in the
Gy.

iF this card is Normal Summoned:
Add 1 "Cyber® Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

IF only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY; Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon" monster from your
Deck.

You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core" effect per tum, and only once

Cannot Dismantie


Frame 3329: iso

y2e  Gese | 22

Cyber Dragan Core: |

@a2@ @®a00 @1500

(Machin/ettect]
This card's name becomes “Cyber
Dragon" while on the field or in the
Gy.

if this card is Normal Summoned;
Add 1 "Cyber® Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

IF only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY: Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon" monster from your
Deck

You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core" effect per turn, and only once

1
i
=1

& Cannot Dismantle

a


Frame 3330: iso

(iy2ie Ese 22

Cyber Dragan Core. >)

@2@ ®a00 ®1500

(Machine/eWect] ——e
This card's name becomes "Cyber
Dragon" while on the field or in the
Gy.

if this card is Normal Summoned;
Add 1 "Cyber" Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand.

IF only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY; Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon" monster from your
Deck.

You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core" effect per tun, and only once

Ch)
(a How 1 onan
1

(eo

a


Frame 3331: Cyber Dragan Core  @&

@2 6 @a00 $1500
(achine/Eftect]

This card's name becomes “Cyber
Dragan" while on the field or in the
sy.
i" card is Normal Summoned:
id 1 “Cyber” Spell/Trap from your
Deck to your hand

IF only your opponent controls a
monster: You can banish this card
from your GY; Special Summon 1
"Cyber Dragon" monster from your
Deck.

You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon
Core” effect per tum, and only once


Frame 3332: (sor fepzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 3333: sehen Socal

lez #6 ®1o0 ®eo5
(MachinaiTunsifstiasl) =
UW all monsters yop contro} are
“Super) evry Samural” raster,
and you aye nceSpeil/Tra Cards
in your Graveyard: You cary target 1
| lace-wp monster your oppanent
controls lial has a Level, send bot
itand this cata from the te\c lo the
Graveyard, then Speele! Summon
from your Extra Deck 1 “Sunerheevys
Samura)” Synchro Monster whose
Level equals the tatal original
Leyels pl fhase 2 monsters in the
Giaveynrde (This Special Summon is

asa Sutthra Summon.)

| Craigie)
(es >
Binion {ES }
(* Dismantie P10

ct ‘Geposrais == 30 -|


Frame 3334: Superheavy Samurai Baitieball A

a2 ee @1n0 ®s00

Ulachine/Tuner/Ettect]
If all monsters you contro! are
“Superheavy Samurai" monsters,
and you have no Spell/Trap Cards
in your Graveyard: You can target 1
face-up monstet your opponent
contrals that has a Level) send bath
it and this card from the fieid to the
Graveyard, then Special Summon
from your Extra Deck 1 "Superheavy
Samurai" Synchro Monster whose
Level equals the tatal original
Levels of those 2 monsters in the
Graveyard (This Special Summon is
treated as a Synchro Summon.)

“(AA How to obtain

ls

Dismantie

v0

"P Generate = -30


Frame 3335: 501

ze dese th 22

e2 a8 Sion soo

(Machine/Tuner/Effect] NN

fall monsters you control are

"Supetheavy Samurai" monsters,

and you have no Spell/Trap Cards

in your Graveyard: You can target 1 1
face-up monster your opponent

controls that has a Level; send both & Foro
it and this card from the field to the

Graveyard, then Special Summon
from your Extra Deck | “Superheavy
Samurai" Synchro Monster whose

Level equals the total original Ay Dismantie
Levels of those 2 monsters in the re

Grsara hs speial Summon

treated as a Synchro Summon.)


Frame 3336: qiyss1 ipzie se | i 22
ee am

a2 @e8 ®100 ®500

{Machine/Tuner/etteetl NNN

iFall monsters you contral are

"Superheavy Samurai” monsters, =
and you have no Spell/Trap Cards ictaciadicatan?

in your Graveyard: You can target 1

it and this card from the'fleld to the 2—— 1/000.
Graveyard, then Special Summon Can Dismantle 1
from your Extra Deck 1 "Superheavy

Samurai" Synchro Monster whose
Level equals the total original Ay Dismantie +10
Levels of those 2 monsters in the

Graveyard tls Spec Summon

treated as a Synchro Summon.)

controls that has a Level; send both


Frame 3337: qiyss1 pzie Gas t 22
ee inl y

a2 @8 ®100 #500

{Machine/Tuner/etteetl NN

ifall monsters you contral are

"Superheavy Samurai” monsters, =
and you have no Spell/Trap Cards cdaciadicatan?

in your Graveyard: You can target 1

it and this card from the'fleld tothe 21/000.
Graveyard, then Special Summon Can Dismantle 1
from your Extra Deck 1 "Superheavy

Samurai" Synchro Monster whose
Level equals the total original Ay Dismantie +10
Levels of those 2 monsters in the

Graveyard tls Spec Summon

treated as a Synchro Summon.)

controls that has a Level; send both


Frame 3338: qiyss1 pzie «Gse  i 22
ee as

a2 @8 ®100 ®500

(Wachine/Tuner/etteetl NN

if all monsters you contral are

"Superheavy Samurai” monsters, =
and you have no Spell/Trap Cards cdaciadicatan?

in your Graveyard: You can target 1

it and this card from the'fleld tothe 217000.
Graveyard, then Special Summon Can Diamantin 1
from your Extra Deck 1 "Superheavy

Level equals the total original Ay Dismantio +10
Levels of those 2 monsters in the

treated as a Synchro Summon.)

controls that has a Level; send both


Frame 3339: i591

ee: Se Ed

Supetheavy Samurai Battleball EA
a2 @8 ®100 ®s500
(achine/Tuner/ettect]
iF all monsters you contral are
"Superheavy Samurai” monsters,

and you have no Spell/Trap Cards

in your Graveyard: You can target 1
face-up monster your opponent
controls that has a Level; send both
it and this card from the field to the
Graveyard, then Special Summon

from your Extra Deck 1 “Superheavy
Samurai" Synchro Monster whose
Level equals the total original

Levels of those 2 monsters in the

Graveyard. (This Special Summon Is

treated as a Synchro Summon.)

How to Obtain

1
& jvaro

4% Dismantie §=—-@ +10


Frame 3340: Supesheavy Samurai Baitieball = B

@2 of @®.100 $800

{Machine/Tuner/eftet]
If all monsters you contrel are
"Superheayy Samurai" monsters,

id you have no Spell/Trap Cards

n your Graveyard: You can target 1
Sn monster your opponent
controls that has a Level; send both
it and this card from the field to the
Graveyard, then Special Summon,
from your Extra Deck 1 "“Superheavy
Samurai’ Synchro Monster whose
Level equals the total original
Levels of thase 2 monsters in the
Graveyard. (This Special Summon is
treated as a Synchro Summon.)

(aA How 1 ontatn


Frame 3341: (sor epzie «| ae

GR 22

Frame 3342: %200 200

(Flenaiettcet) a

If this card is in your hand: You ean
Fusiun Summon 1 *B/D/D" Fusion
Monster from yourExtra Deck,
using monsters fram you) hand as.
Fusion Materials; Including this
card.

You ean banish this arc ‘rom your
GY; Special’Summon 1 "0D"
monster from your hand

You can only use each eltact.of
"B/D Swit} Silmeonce per tim.

(a Dae eo)

(Generate P30 )


Frame 3343: @2 ®200 @200
[Fiend/ettect]

I this card is in your hand; You can
Fusion Summon 7 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card.

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster from your hand

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime" once per turn.

& +1
& Hoo
=>
“ey Dismantie «= +10

30

- Generale


Frame 3344: 591

iC: ee

D/O Seiisine

ez @200 200

[Fiend/Enieet) |
If this card is in your hand: You can
Fusion Summon 1 “D/D/D* Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card.

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster from your hand

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime" once per turn

>

Ca)
i=

ointed Cards
& ivoia
ze

Lester)

AY Dismantie §=—-@ +10

* #0

Generate


Frame 3345: i591

ce: SC Ed

D/D Swirl Slime 8

a2 @®200 200

(Fiend/éttect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card,

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster from your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime” once per turn

& iso1o

Can Dismantie

 Dismantle =P +10

Generate §=—  -30


Frame 3346: i591

SC Ed

D/D Swirl Slime ls

a2 ®200 200

(Fiend/ettect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card,

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster from your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime” once per turn

& isoio

Can Dismantle

% Dismantie =P +10

Hl Generate «= -30


Frame 3347: qiyss1 pzie se i 22

‘D/D Swirl Slime ae]
a2 ¥ @z00 S200
(Fiend/ettect)

If this card is in your hand: You can
Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card,

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster from your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime” once per turn

AM How to obtain

ir

& isoio

a)

nn
“

Can Dismantle

@® +10

‘Hl Generate «= -30

-%  Dismantie


Frame 3348: i591

ee: SC IE

Bo Sea ee ns)

az ®200 200

(Fiend/éttect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card,

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster from your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime" once per turn

= Tae

AM How to obtain

i:

1
& isoio

Can Dismantle

EQ

Rolated Cards

a)

 Dismantle =P +10

Generate =


Frame 3349: i591

ee: IE

D/D Swirl Slime 8

az ®200 200

(Fiend/éttect)
If this card is in your hand: You can
Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card,

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster from your hand

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime" once per turn

= lan

AM How to obtain

i:

1
& iso1o

Can Dismantle

EQ

Rolated Cards

a)

4 Dismantle =P +10

Generate «=


Frame 3350: i591

y2e  <Gse i22
DID Swit Slime a) = ee
ez ¥ @200 8200 Ch)
(Fiend/Ettect]

If this card is in your hand: You can
Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
using monsters from your hand as
Fusion Materials, including this
card,

You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 “D/D"
monster from your hand.

You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime” once per turn

& ivoio
Can Dismantie ee 1 )
% Dismantle = @P +10

‘Hl Generate «= -30


Frame 3351: DID Swirl Slime ee)

@z © ®200 #200

[Flend/Effect])
IFihis card is in your hand; You can
Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion
Monster from your Extra Deck,
sing monsters from your hand as
usion Materials, including this
card.
You can banish this card from your
GY; Special Summon 1 "D/D"
monster trom your hand.
You can only use each effect of
"D/D Swirl Slime” once per tum


Frame 3352: (sor fepzie «= ae

GR 22

Frame 3353: <=
@2 8e ®1000 @p

[Psyenie/TunsriElfect!
Cannot be Normal Summaned/Set

Must be Special Summanied by 4
card efi acts

When your opponent activates a
monster effect while You canlial.no

monsters (Quick Effect): You can & aro >

‘Special Summon both this cacd leom BQ -t |
your handand 1 "PSY—Frame, ch, ee sl f

Driver” from yeur hand, Deck er fd q
GY, afi if yo dn, negate thal Ae Dismanle = ae +10 |
activation, and if you do that, (Ae_Pimarte vio

destroy that monster. During the ——
End Phase, banish Ihe face-up (7 Generate 30 |

maanetnre Gnarint Gtimmanzet bu this

caren)


Frame 3354: Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned by a
card effect.

When your opponent activates a
monster effect while you contro} no
monsters (Quick Effect): You can
Special Summon both this card trom
your hand and 1 "PSY—Frame
Driver" from your hand, Deck, or
GY, and if you do, negate that
activation, and if you do that,
destroy that monster. During the
Eno Phase, banish the face-up

manstare Cnnnial Summannad hus thie

(Avouw oviin
|
Ps taro

Can Dismantle 1

wo


Frame 3355: ise pate ee Gh 22

PSY-Framegear Gamma —)

a2 #8 1000 60

[Peychle/Tuner/Effect] a |

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned by a
card effect,

<q When your opponent activates a
monster effect while you control no
monsters (Quick Effect): You can
Special Summon both this card from
your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame
Driver" from your hand, Deck, or
GY, and if you do, negate that
activation, and if you do that,
destroy that monster. During the
End Phase, banish the face-up

subareas Coven i fereetorv peal Sac

A Dismantle §=— @ +10

Generate =

‘
8


Frame 3356: i591

Ce oe ——-

PSY-Framegear Gamma

e228 ®1o00 60
(Psychic/Tuner/Eftect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned by a
card effect.

When your opponent activates a
monster effect while you control no
monsters (Quick Effect): You can
Special Summon both this card from
your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame
Driver" trom your hand, Deck, or
GY, and if you do, negate that
activation, and if you do that,
destroy that monster. During the
End Phase, banish the face-up

pe eS Se eee rer

=


Frame 3357: i591

ne Be — 2
PSY-Framegear Gamma

a2 98 ®1o000 0
[Psychic/Tuner/Eftect]

Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.
Must be Special Summoned by a
card effect,

When your opponent activates a
monster effect while you control no
monsters (Quick Effect): You can
Special Summon both this card from
your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame
Driver" trom your hand, Deck, or
GY, and if you do, negate that
activation, and if you do that,
destroy that monster. During the
End Phase, banish the face-up

pe eS ee Se ees er

(aA Wow 0 obtain to Obtain

ein ef


